structure(c("I just noticed that HA has posted a new set of guidelines for content as of Mar. 8.  Here are some key changes:", 
"Susan ", " ", "HA/VRBO could have simply done away with the listing level subscription model, and informed everyone that there would be a conversion to a service fee/ booking model at the end of their subscriptions or that there would be listing amount to get on the site plus a percentage service fee (still a booking site hybrid, but an honest one).", 
"Credit cards are certainly a popular option, favored by some travelers, and very heavily promoted by listing sites (income from transaction fees).  ", 
"Any advice on how to run the sale?  I have 2 classic listings (they WERE platinum) with a Featured Listing running on one of them.  I'm in a very competitive area of 4044 listings (992 in my sub-area).  Good luck, right!!!   ", 
"Evolve | Vacation Rental Management Redefined", "(2) When a person clicked on the VRBO web page you would then be given a choice with two equal size icons to click on.  One of them being VRBO which would say something on the icon like \"Reach out to ???,000 vacation property owners\", or if you clicked on the VR icon it would read  \"Over ???, 000 Vacation Listings\" and  be redirected to their site. Vice versa if you were to go to the VR site. A traveler would have their choice as to their preference this way.", 
" ", " ", "https://www.facebook.com/groups/1561970497463326/", 
" ", "With the adoption of the new Service Fee, which follows a long history of questionable customer (that's me, in case you forgot) service issues as well as serious technical gaffes (for which I became a frequent QA contributor to your team, free of charge),I decided that I'd take some time to work on expanding my business' virtual footprint. ", 
" ", "I really like Disney renters because they are rarely in my condo---usually only to sleep.", 
"There are hundreds of properties in my area, and a few leaving (such as myself) would not, I expect, have much impact. ", 
" ", "Expedia will not have success in today's world with this attitude. They are middlemen and they derive revenue off of people who AGREE to allow them to. A different communications strategy would be more effective, in the short .. Mid... And long term. ", 
"How do you treat the barter for income taxes?", " ", "You would need to explain the situation to your guest.  I believe, if the situation is explained as a major policy change which will severely effect your property, a guest would be sympathetic and agree to a few more steps to \"re-book\" your guest house.  ", 
"\"This owner believes her property is her own and not HomeAway's\"", 
" ", "You have a beautiful home - exquisite!!  The photos and video are not doing it justice IMO.", 
"scottr wrote:", "CONTACT TELEPHONE NUMBER ", " ", "Any idea what this could be?  Never has happened before, even in my payday with VRBO.  A glitch? ", 
"So the only criteria for deciding how to label the fee is \"bookings\"?", 
"No, in January HA said it would be introducing a new traveler guarantee in second quarter 2016   that would be paid for by a \"small\" service fee.  Here's the very first notice from November, 2015.  None of us noticed it in the blaze of the Expedia deal.", 
"And we all know that sassy mouths in Community are far more destructive and intolerable than, say, HomeAway buying or deactivating our listings, i.e.: using our livelihoods as leverage against us in order to take control of our properties and businesses.", 
" ", "I am fortunate in having a regional listing site, and other marketing opportunities, which will pick up where Homeaway has left off, actually deserted me.", 
"I looked into beach front property. 4 blocks in from the beach 1.8 million dollars. You have hundreds of people with beach front property listed that I know costs a lot more than that. Like I said it may be small to you but certainly not to them and us. My property is only 300k but to me that is a life time of work. My wife and I were looking forward to retirement and using that little income to help with living expenses. We were in the process of purchasing a second place when Expedia rolled out these new changes and kicked all of us in the teeth. We have suspended and backed out of any transaction loosing what what could have been a really nice rental.", 
"She replied a few hours later, thank you for the quick response and while she loved the look of my place, her daughter was insisting on staying in San Diego.", 
" ", "Loyalty is bad for business, especially the travel industry. Airlines are based on seniority. When you've worked too long for the company, they will do everything in their power to fire the old timers making $100k for the newbies making $20k.", 
" The notification email will instruct you to mark the payment request as paid when you receive your funds.", 
"Homeaway is not \"now way more expensive than Airbnb\". It is an apples to oranges comparison.", 
"the fact of the matter is that HA has just mirrored the Airbnb traveler fee interface while still charging homeowners up to $2,000 per year for prime positioning etc that they are not getting. Or if they are getting it, they don't realize that they are,", 
" ", "As I said before, things change. And the days of the 40% commission are gone for me. ", 
" ", "In conclusion, I have to say that I am very happy with the way HomeAway is going and look forward to working with you in the years to come, all that needs improving is communication with the owners.", 
" ", " ", "Hello,", " ", " ", "Yes, of course a repeat guest will know to contact us directly, but not every guest is repeat.", 
"Brian Sharples and Carl Shepard started HA a dozen or so years ago.  It was always struggling, purchasing tiny little VR websites and attempting to roll them into a common software platform instead of a piecemeal business.  But new VR rental sites kept popping up.", 
"we should all read  this Hospitality Net Mobile", "Note that Tax in my state is 12.75%, and the only fee that I have is $110 cleaning fee.  I do not have a per-person fee, admin/reservation fee, hot tub fee, WIFI fee, credit card fee.  The price is very moderate $164 /night, for a custom 3bd/2ba 2 story true 2000 sq foot  custom all-log cabin that sleeps up to 10 with amenities like hot tub, arcade, slate pool table, private wooded setting, kitchen with stainless appliances and chiseled edge granite counters, double sided fireplace, heated bathroom floors, Jacuzzi tub etc, you get the idea. Located in a popular vacation destination area. ", 
" ", "Perhaps I am not aware of all of the potential pitfalls regarding wire transfers.  I appreciate the opportunity for fraud against the traveler if the traveler is dealing with a scammer who purports to be the owner.  As long as the traveler has verified that he is dealing with the real owner, where is the opportunity for fraud against the traveler?  In order to make the wire transfer, the owner has to provide the traveler with his bank routing number and his account number (these numbers also appear on a check).  It is just a faster way to have the funds transferred from the traveler's bank account to the owner's bank account.  This is what happens when a traveler sends the owner a check that the owner deposits into the same bank account.  The difference is that depositing a check takes longer for the owner to have the funds available to him (and to know that the check is good) because the check has to be processed through the banking system.", 
"2/25/14 Renter pays using eCheck through Reservation Manager", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "I dont know why your bank did not protect you with a faulty purchase.", 
" ", " ", "You're wrong about that. This is exactly what's happening up and down the California coast.", 
"Shouldn't a change like that be at the top? It's impossible to believe they hadn't already set the percentages, but they just labeled it small?", 
"Also change your passwords on VRBO and also your email.", "Also I am getting more than a little tired of seeing pop ups every time I am in my dashboard trying to trick me to \"opt-in\" to online booking.     It almost looks like their A/B testing has shown them that if you throw up enough pop ups, eventually someone will mistakenly click the wrong place and then,  well....\"you opted in\"  therefore we own you, your first born and all offspring for generations to come..", 
"I called and when I mentioned that I would like to have the service fee removed and then was put on hold indefinitely.  ", 
"MAke sense? ", " ", "I just looked and they seem to definitely have a lot of Florida properties https://www.homeescape.com/vacation-rentals/world/usa/florida/ maybe you aren't searching properly? I see only a few in Maine, https://www.homeescape.com/vacation-rentals/world/usa/maine/", 
"4) HA's complete disregard for who their original customer was and the lack of communication to owners", 
"I highly doubt that HA is producing any such tax statement, nor making sales tax payments apportioned to your VR business.", 
"Hi Mike;", "My only view expressed here is that one should be getting tax advice from those qualified to give it.  It's not a slight.  It's not an implication.  I care not how anyone else runs their business.  But if you are looking for an insult, you're sure to find one.", 
" ", "AirBnb no longer supports a community forum related to their own website. Hosts are migrating over to this new forum. The layout isn't anything spiffy. If you've had experience with a yahoo group, it's pretty much the same fomat. ", 
"And while ABB does have a fee, it has always had one and it's open about it.  Guests and owners are treated respectfully.  With HA, I feel we've been lied to and treated like children, punished for not \"playing by the rules\".  HA has lost my loyalty, and when my subscription expires in 9 days, I will not renew. ", 
"I do this all the time and often enter my own email in order to get access to the Hospitality App while I'm at my VR.  I've never had a payment request.", 
"I'd be interested in hearing approaches from other people as well, and I hope it does not turn into a flame war. If it does, I'll have to lock the thread because I think this is an important skill for owners to learn.", 
" ", " ", "However, this is a new thing.  In the past, I accepted 99.9% of payments thru Reservation Manager, but I always could change a reservation to Tentative, even if they were fully paid thru RM.   Whenever someone needed to cancel and they were beyond cancel dates, I would change their resevation to Tentative to help get it rerented so that I could provide a refund. ", 
"Raw views are what HA is now controlling by regulating sort position in Best Match. They will decide how many of those views me and my fellow Silvers will get. HA could if they wanted to show the total number of views by subscription level. If I could actually see that Platinum subs got 35 more views then I'd bump to Platinum. So, fellow owner, why don't they do it? If the news is as good as they would have us believe, they should publish it. Here are two possible answers:", 
" ", " ", "We have had very few inquiries since the \"fee\" was added.  In fact, we received the first inquiry we have had in a long time from HA.  BUT, given this was for a honeymoon the inquiry is questionable.  It is from a former navy seal getting married on 911, also fiancé's BD.  Asked for military discount.  And talked about being disabled (injured by an IED) and wondered if he could maneuver the front steps.  I told him we have a tentative booking for some of his desired timeframe (which we do), but asked if he wanted to be put on the waiting list.  I also told him that the house is not ideal for those with mobility issues as there are stairs both inside the house and outside the house. He emailed back and said he wanted to be put on the waiting list.", 
"Good point. My description clearly states my rates and additional fees such as cleaning and taxes. What ticks the traveler off is when HA then quotes them a higher rate without explaining why. Then we are dealing with an upset traveler that starts the transaction in the conflict mode. This is bad for everyone. ", 
"It's called \"Stockholm Syndrome\".  I do \"blame\" them, though, echoes they are only slowing the inevitable while creating a situation that will only allow HA to further erode their businesses and take control.", 
" ", "Two observations with all this:", "dont ont get me wrong..... I don't like this practice of some ******* inserting themselves between me and my guest.... Especially when I pay $2000 a year for it, but there are ways around it, ", 
"DING DING DING! Bingo! That's the worst mistake - to assume that consumer behavior will remain unchanged in response to increased price.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "For one thing, Booking Options do not believe on the amenities page at all.  That page is for the start of a traveler's search to pull up ALL properties that meet their criteria,, and then can then start narrowing down the properties.   Once they choose the property they wan to rent and are ready to book it, THEN \"booking options\" come in to play!  (In fact, I noticed it because it so doesn't belong on that page and it got me wondering why it was there, which I then discovered the reason. Read on:", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "the problem with that is that their competition, which is quickly nipping at their heels, is not charging to list and they are GIVING BACK to the homeowners by providing them with tools that actually improve their performance. Airbnb seems to recognize that the customer who supplies the product enables them to make money. It's a fact. All of these companies are using our assets to piggyback on to generate revenue. The company who rewards that customer is SMART. The company who beats that customer up will not be as successful as the smart company. How often do you see real estate companies beating up on the people whose houses they list? Never! If they did, they would get the reputation for doing so and nobody would ever choose to list their home for sale with them. This is no different. The inventory will dry up if HomeAway doesn't fix this. ", 
"How is a property management perspective relevant to independent owner concerns?", 
" ", "There should be a pic of a dachshund's face in the profile pic.  I'll check settings", 
" ", "Bottom line: you only get credit for a booking when HA takes a service fee from your traveler.   ", 
" ", " ", "Sorry - couldnt resist.  Havent seen one of those for awhile.  The $500 downstroke pretty much ended most inquiries.", 
"How DARE hotel chains take measures to ensure that their guests book direct. Hahahaha! I love it! ", 
"and sales tax????", "Anyone know how to downgrade subscription level with online renewal?  Do you have to call CS?  I have been to my renewal page and a lower subscription level is not available.  It will only allow me to renew online at the platinum level. ", 
" ", " ", "I think this is also an example of why, when a group studied corporations, they determined that, were corporations people, they'd be diagnosed as being psycopathic.", 
"vrrentcamera, I appreciate the feedback and I don't mind constructive criticism.  ", 
" ", "EMAIL ADDRESS  ", "Kevin Arndt", "Could be all the negative press the service fee has generated.     There is no such thing as bad publicity.....", 
" ", " ", "Are you familiar with booking.com tactics? They are even worse. Let's say you accidentally overbook (or booking.com books the same time as HA books) and you do not accept the booking.com reservation. If that booking.com traveler then books a different house for those same dates and the new property is twice as expensive as yours, booking.com will withdraw the difference in price from your checking account. This is an over-simplification but search for real life examples.", 
"I dont object to paying a fee for services I have received but i do object to paying a service fee when there is no servicing done. And I do object to having a service fee added to the rate for booking my home when I am not receiving anything and neither is the person who is paying it. It makes my home more expensive to rent at the end of the day and I have already forked over $2000 for Platinum subscription..... So the guests don't have to pay. On other sites, like Airbnb, they charge the owner 3% (which is fine, they have delivered business to my doorstep) and they charge the guests a fee, which is fine because o haven't paid $2000 to list.... They have to make money somehow and if that's their model, it works for me. I don't understand the concept of charging me to list and then having the guest pay a large fee on top of that. To me, it should be one or the other. ", 
" ", "You know as well as the rest of us that nothing or any of the changes has helped us or are intended to help us. You know it just as well as all of us. ", 
"My goal was to break even. I figured the first year that wouldn't happen but by the 2nd it should. I think I met that goal but see a drastic loss after the changes on HA.", 
"Secondly, how can HomeAway possibly even know how accurate our own tools & methods are?  Personally, I know for a fact that our tools & methods are far, far more accurate than HA's -- for many reasons, not least of which is that we track all our inquiries and bookings, including those that HA does not ever see.  We also get our quotes right.  We don't drop or delay communication with travelers, or inhibit that communication by deleting email addresses, phone numbers, etc.  We also respect our guests' privacy and do not spam them with needless or misleading emails. ", 
"ruthejp13 wrote:", " ", " ", " ", "nobody balks at paying a fee on Airbn; and now that it's on HA, uniformly, they won't balk at paying it there either;", 
"", "Time Frame: 2/16/16 - 2/25/16 (2/16 is when Homeaway.com launched service fee)     2/16/15 - 2/25/15", 
"moving to top of queue", "\"You must work in our IT Department\" says the balloonist.", 
"I eat my peas with honey.", "Would you outline the criteria for a solid defense?", 
"Many, if not all, listing sites actually retain the subscribers' data. I had let listings expire several times over the years and when I went back (recently) to fire them up again by renewing, all my data was [still] there in my accounts.  I just renewed my listing on another site that I had signed up with in 2006...but I let it expire in 2010...and my account was still on file...I retain the account number and all I had to update was rates, photos and tweak the description, etc..  I believe that HA also retains their customer listings' details.  So, perhaps.... if you let it expire before April, you could be able to renew in April and keep your listing intact.   It would be better to know for certain, first, of course.  ", 
"Another view of your situation may be as follows:  Maybe your prices are too low.  It would seem that they are too low.  $200 per night for an oceanfront condo is too low, but for a oceanfront house seems far too low????", 
"Not repeat guest. What I meant is once a guest pays a fee through VRBO and stays with any of us, if we educate them on how to find other owners directly, then the guest will not need to pay the fee ever again. My guest could stay with you next time and they will know how to find you without the fee. ", 
" ", "At the end of the day, to me HA, VRBO, Airbnb, etc are all one thing to me:", 
" And I get this kind of comment a LOT. Another thing I often get is that people do not have budget for the refundable damage deposit ($300).", 
"He called them the following day and then sent me this response:", 
" ", "2/27/14 Money is deposited into my checking account", 
"We’re launching a new feature that will allow you to know more about potential guests who want to book your property. The feature allows owners and property managers to write reviews of their guests who book through HomeAway. We’ll collect the reviews and make them available to owners and property managers so they can make informed decisions when accepting reservation requests. You will be able to use this feature on your OLB enabled listing.", 
"There are many factors that could affect conversion rates: booked calendars, seasonality, pricing, listing quality are factors.  These factors can be very different from market to market, season to season, property to property.", 
"In response to your posting about contributing factors:", "So even if I am evenly priced rent wise with another listing, I show over $300 extra in tax and fee on quote.", 
" ", " ", "Yesterday poor performance data was displayed as a cliff-hook on a graph.  Today the graph shows a nicely rising trend.", 
" ", " ", " ", "I May be wrong, but I don't think a company can protect itself from class action lawsuits by dictating an arbitration clause. When a class action suit is approved, it is because there is merit in the claim that a company has somehow, through their products or business practices, harmed a group of customers or individuals. ", 
"Unfortunately your second point is incorrect, the service fee is being shown for those that do NOT have HA payments enabled, I don't have bin or ha payments and when someone does an instant quote on vrbo or vr.com the service fee is shown.", 
"But they are easy to manage, and they generate BULK. Maybe they do not give much per listing, but a PM with 200 listings that is constantly churning out bookings is much easier for HA than dealing with 200 individual owners. 200 owners all may have their own cancelation policies, deposit requirements etc. PMs can be standardized. Think about assembly line vs  custom production. Sure custom made item may make more per item, but it takes longer to produce and costs more per item to produce in the 1st place. With assembly line, it is all about VOLUME, STANDARTIZATION and running bookings like a hotel (instant book with a click of a mouse, instant cancel, no vetting, heads in beds). It is much easier to wrangle 10 PMs with 200 properties each that 2000 individual owners.", 
"Edited to say that I never use the charts, so that must be what you are talking about. I only care about what affects my listing and what the traveler sees.  The charts make no sense to me at all.  ", 
"I signed up with them at the very beginning, maybe more than 6 months ago while looking for alternatives for VRBO and I've gotten a couple of inquiries, I've also called for questions before and they have always responded, so idk.", 
" ", " ", " ", "THank you for expressing your opinion.  ", 
"What do you mean by the Air \"shared\" stuff?", "I could never figure out the yahoo group That format seemed like something from 1994 when internet was in infancy. I just gave up on that, I have no time to decipher how it works. ", 
"carol Just be very careful when you do not renew. I suspect HA will do what VHR did with me when I chose not to renew (because I'm selling). If you log into your account after they send you an email asking you to accept their NEW terms which includes autorenewal and can only be read by logging on, your cc will be charged another year and it is non-refundable.", 
"I wonder if you are hitting the wrong link when you \"save\" the reservation?  See the screen below -- note there are two ways to save, one by just hitting the big orange save button, and the other by hitting \"save and add payment request\".   Do not select the latter and you should be ok. ", 
" ", "Also, I just want to point out that I am yet another owner whose inquiries are way down with the clear addition of Best Match and BIN.  When I accept a renter through BIN - I suddenly have a marked increase in listing results and inquiries.  When I decline (often because the prospective guest exceeds the maximum or is asking to bring a cat) I hear crickets for days.  I definitely won't be renewing my subscription - which is so sad since I've been a solid owner for 6 years who takes pride in providing an amazing guest experience.  ", 
"From their September statement:", "Hi Joan,", " ", "We have friends with a mirror image unit at the other end of the building. I just sent the guy their listing number,", 
"Since my previous thread is locked and can't be bumped, let me repost this here with underlines for emphasis:", 
" ", "It is because you are a good property and they are showing the ones with the open calendars", 
" ", "Once gone, will be a REALLY hard sell to come back.  Marketing experts are well aware that THE MOST EXPENSIVE NEW Customer to attract is one that was formerly a customer and made a long-considered and deliberate decision to leave.    ", 
" ", "The methods you suggest of communicating your email, website, etc by disguise will cause your listing to be suspended from the site if detected by Homeaway.  I expect they are aware of the \"techniques\" used to circumvent their communication protocols.  Nice try . . . . . ", 
" When that HA exec in the phone call kept repeating that ABB \"take\" is 7-10% and HA \"take\" is ONLY 3%, I told him that I get 1-2 bookings a year via ABB and 1-2 via FK commission-based listing. total commission amount (for ABB and for FK respectively) is LESS than what I paid HA for my subscription. And I also told him that when someone rents a $50/night room on ABB and pays 10% commission (whopping $5), the % of \"take\" may be 10%, but what are they really \"taking\"? Try to apply 10% commission to $250/night HOUSE week-long stay, and you will have no travelers wanting to go for that booking with THAT kind of commission tacked on. It will simply NOT book and their \"take\" will be big round ZERO. ", 
"Given that we have 2 factor authentication on VRBO accounts (requiring a phisher to both get you username and password AND access to your mobile phone to get the 2 factor code) it's extremely unlikely that a fraudster could gain access to your VRBO account.", 
"Look in gmail SETTINGS then click on the FORWARDING tab and look at the very first line.  Is any mail being forwarded?", 
"Overall, while the previous guidelines also referred to listings, they were primarily aimed at reviews.  Now they have beefed up their content guidelines with more restrictions on property listings.  They have also added some words to indicate these guidelines cover traveler reviews as well as property reviews.", 
"I would not use the word \"AVOID\".  I would use the word DISCOUNT.  Also, your own website is not a Third Party site.  A Third Party site would be AirBNB, or the like.", 
"I then noticed that \"Booking Options\" had only TWO options provided, HA Payments and BIN.  I thought that was odd since travelers had the option of booking directly through the owner, not BIN, not HA Payments, that there was no \"Any\" or \"Don't care\" option, etc.  It was a fully incompletely category, and I wondered why that was the case, which I then found out the reason.  Read on:", 
"Everyplace will ding you for cancelling reservations, as they should  Canceling dings you in business and in customer base as well, and you lose customer trust.  The solution is to vet your guests before making the booking final and being contractually obligated to them.", 
"But, credit cards are not necessarily the best option for owners.", 
"25% off?  Or a dollar amount?  My open weeks all have different rates since the beach season (and weather) ramps up as summer approaches:", 
"How is a property management perspective relevant to independent owner concerns?", 
"(3) It's not hard to understand the owners position reading all the community comments meaning no service fees.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "I am happy to report that you may now find my listings on several of your competitor sites, as well as on my own home-grown website, which looks fantastic, if I do say so myself. ", 
"This issue predates the service fee actually. Now that the service fee is in play, if a guest chooses \"book it\" and pays outside HA with my alternate payment methods, they do first pay the fee and then send the alternate payment. In that case I should get credit. I have yet to receive a book it request with the service fee for this listing. I expect, given the track record, that I will not, since VRBO has ignored the other accepted bookings for this listing. I am not going to send a dummy request and pay a service fee to test it.", 
"I make good money and hardly no wear and tear on my home.", 
"It really is not a concern if owners leave (or if they stay).", 
" ", " ", "Mark it as SPAM", " ", "Perhaps susan, or others who have inquired with customer service about this, can better explain the process.", 
"Or why not cut to the chase  with, \"We would not rent from this owner if we were you\"?", 
"Yes...Google it.", " ", "There are three cases that I can think of that would put other properties above yours:", 
" ", "", "At 351 and climbing.  I think it's a computer glitch.", 
"How about honesty?", " ", " ", " ", "Signed, ", "The intent of Expedia was and is nothing but to gain a fee. Increase profit as fast as they can. I AM NOT SAYING THAT IS BAD OR ILLEGAL or anything. I understand but show a little respect for the people that made H/A what it was.", 
"Yeah, I'm getting rich... I shorted Expedia on January 4th. It was at $121. Jumped out a month later at $92 -- $29 buck per share x 1000 shares. Same take as the average annual rental revenue in the example... and I didn't clean any potties to get it!", 
" ", " ", " Mark Payment as Paid  ", "HA is now charging a fee similar to Airbob, has shifted from an \"online classified\" model to a transactional model.", 
"this his is a time when HA management needs to step in and help their customers. I'm not going to not ask questions because it might get me \"kicked off\" of a service I just forked over $2,000 for.", 
" ", "", "Number of total listings 1,222,374                                                                                    Number of total listings_______________________   ", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", "I've done it all my life.", "I am very detailed by nature and can and do over see every aspect of my rentals, including the cleaning.", 
" ", " ", "BEWARE! I lost points on my scorecard for reserving a week at my house for me this month. It shows one booking, outside of the vrbo system, with a 0% conversion rate. It's not a booking. No money was exchanged from my left hand to my right hand. My page views are down, which means this impacted me in the algorithm. Once you give away your control, you will never get it back. We own these properties. we choose to let Expedia piggyback on our rentals but this will only work if they drive rentals to my home. If they drive away my renters, they lose my $2000 subscription fee plus credit card fees plus insurance fees plus now a service fee. I cannot even fathom that a company I pay $2,000 to every year and generate additional revenue for is treating me like a lower level employee, trying to increase my productivity. It makes no sense. VRBO did not get to the point where Expedia wanted to buy them using these tactics. ", 
"And along came Airbnb (built organically from the ground up) and stole the success that Sharples and Shepard figured that they deserved for themselves.  ABB is a house-hold name, and VRBO is still the king of the HA family no matter how hard they try to bring the namesake \"Homeaway\" into the lead.", 
" ", "", " ", "Also, you said that there are opportunities for fraud on both sides.  Again, I may be missing something.  Where is the opportunity for the traveler to commit fraud against the owner using a wire transfer from the traveler's bank account to the owner's bank account?", 
"2/28/14 I receive notification that the payment is Reversed due to A) account closed or B) account name doesn't match name submitted", 
" ", " ", "There are many factors that could affect conversion rates: ", 
" ", "Both chargebacks are saying that they did not authorize the transaction, ie stolen credit card", 
" ", " ", "360 vacation rental owners (and three PMs, bless their hearts) in San Clemente have been battling the city, and now the planning commission, since october. they don't give two cents for the 10% TOT because they don't enforce collecting it and therefore many owners don't pay it.", 
"I believe many travelers will not think it's small. Will the traveler look for a cheaper home with fewer amenities or just lacking overall and then have a less than favorable experience? Will they stop coming to HA because of that?", 
"Make sure your 2FA screen on VRBO has only your phone number in it.", 
" ", "Hi Wendy.", " ", "I'm sure they will have no trouble calculating my conversion rate -- it's 0 because I never use HA payments.  ", 
"Hmmmm....strange! I am sure that they were swamped with people signing on? I will try again and do a better searh. Thanks for the info.", 
"5) other", "Remember as a property owner, any sales & property tax liabilities are always going to fall back on the owner if HA fails to pay them.", 
"I have not been offering my opinion on the subject.   I am simply displaying text from state DOR's websites.  Also I have provided examples.", 
"I randomly searched for a property in Florida by an \"owner\"... one step before \"Book it\", this is what I see:", 
" ", "The two primary reasons I do not use Airbnb:", "You have GOT to be kidding?", 
"", "Hope that helps!", "@tomhale,", " ", " ", "The incentive to move more business to PPB owners is staggering, and of course, is of significant benefit to people who have stock options.", 
"Why are you so concerned?  I dont know your building, but remodeling a bathroom would not be THAT noisy to guests below if its a typical concrete & steel high-rise condo.", 
" ", "The biggest issue is that we do not have \"front steps\".  And the biggie - who would want to get married on 911, not to mention it is also the birthday for the bride to be?  Second issue that I have been unable to google this person with any certainty I have the right person.  The phone number comes up as \"free\" cell phone number - whatever that means.", 
"25% is on the low end for conversion rates for me. My destination is unique and I think when people inquire there is serious intent to book. With no leads, however, there are no bookings. ", 
"Fighting power is never easy and it is never w/o sacrifice and pain.  It is morally repugnant when a political leader or a parent or a company...whomever, puts others in that position in the first place.  Power abuse and exploitation of people is never, ever good, and it is worth fighting and getting bruised over.", 
" ", "1) If most of the commentators here are getting less activity via \"Best Match\" and HA/VRBO data is correct, others are doing better.  But I have heard nothing from that audience.  It probably makes sense for us to better understand that group and how they are doing better if we are to maximize our long-term performance on HA/VRBO", 
"my info is displayed on my vrbo site, thaxrerlane. I actually have been doing many of these things that upset you and many others (by choice) since their inception..... I accept BIN, only accept payment thru vrbo credit card processing and I always respond within an hour! I keep my calendar uo to date, I pay for a Platinum listing.  I don't have any problem using these things, but I do have an issue with being forced to do so. ", 
"And here is the astounding response to my second email:", " ", 
"Thank you vrrentcamera", " ", "In the event of legal action pertaining to contributed content, we will remove the relevant contributed content only upon receipt of a final Court Order demanding removal.", 
" ", "Oh, my lord. ", " ", "the rates are plus 12% SC Taxes & the Service Fee:  $850, $1175, $1475", 
" ", "", "The revenue management functionality of Airbnb is OUTSTANDING and if the people on these boards understood what this tool actually is they would be delighted to have it at their discretion to use. It is designed to optimize rentals and encourage 100% utilization of the individual properties by providing take-it-or-leave-it guidance as to what price would book their property, in their specific market, at any particular time. It is based upon real time supply and demand in micro-markets and factors in competitor pricing, historical booking activity and current vacation shopper demand. Hotels, cruise lines, airlines, etc use this very expensive technology to ensure that there are as many heads in beds, butts in seats, etc to keep their assets as utilized as possible. Why can't HA provide us with the same? We are paying them a subscription fee after all.....", 
"Are we to sign with them and relieve ourselves of all the undue stress and burden of renting our homes? ", 
"Click on the above blue font link and request to join.  I'm adding folks as fast as I can, so please be patient.  Thanks!", 
"cheri123", "", " ", "I have so few weeks available and 1/2 are repeat guest, it's like pulling teeth to get a review.", 
" ", " ", "I for one, will NOT use Expedia as a traveler just on principle.", 
" ", "Edited…", "Thanks…I am headed out to a concert this evening, but I will think more about this and my options.  I just posted something in my description explaining what I could. ", 
"Just how immoral do a company's executives have to be to use not only people's livelihoods but also their own properties as leverage against them? ", 
"tandoori wrote:", " ", "1) The property is pay-per-booking listing.  These tend to get moved around depending on the activity.  I think they still must stay within the subscription level though.  30% of all properties on HomeAway are pay-per-booking", 
"Hope to hear from you soon ", "We just got a similar scam from the Ukraine. Here is the email:", 
"I do not see that problem on mine however my analytics are not correct. Feb shows 5 bookings and I only booked 2. One I brought from another site to pay....before the fee of course.  Inquiries also showing higher than what I received. ", 
" ", " ", "edited for clarification and typos", "$500 is a big fee. It's a lot of money and it's an amount large enough to steer people away from booking a particular home, they will naturally look for Plan B. I know I would. ", 
"Hopeful (maybe foolish to you, but that's ok . . . . )", " ", 
" ", "I think somebody's not being very honest about the current quality of their products. How much of that new Fee income do you think is likely to go into improving those?  And what future hidden costs will we be suckered into, if we decide to use them?", 
"Loyalty is bad for business, especially the travel industry. Airlines are based on seniority. When you've worked too long for the company, they will do everything in their power to fire the old timers making $100k for the newbies making $20k.", 
"The payment request will reflect as paid in your dashboard and your guest will receive an email notifying them payment was received. If you do not mark paid after your payment has been received, your guest will receive overdue notices.  In the event your reservation is canceled, you will need to manually cancel the reservation within Reservation Manager to show your availability on your listing calendar.  Wistia video", 
" ", " ", "This is simply not accurate, and you are using this as the basis for the remainder of your message. ", 
"Retrieving data ...", "Number of total bookable listings 756614                                                                        Number of total bookable listings______________", 
"HomeAway may face a class action by owners over its new guest fee - Tnooz", 
"\"I do\" replies the man. \"How did you know?\"", "They do taste kind of funny,", 
"But, want to be prepared for a situation.", " ", "So HA is grabbing what you are providing for below market, ie what you have left on the table,  and HA is bringing it up to market price for you.  ", 
"According to the linked article:", " ", "Web hosting portals who allow me (via various compensation methods) to administrate the rental of my vacation home and process payments", 
"This just goes to show that additional  HA fee will most likely not fly and will KILL bookings. ", 
"Rick,", " ", "3/04/14 Money is removed from my checking account by Homeaway Recapture", 
" ", "As I posted before, the overall conversion rate - even after service fee and best match launch has been increase (see the 2d image with the line graphs below) ", 
"booked calendars - open calendar, no bookings", "Thanks HA", 
" ", "", "Enron economics is alive and well !!", "they claim a \"flood\" of new vacation rentals is ruining the character of the city. not to confuse them with the facts, but the \"flood\" has brought 13 new VRs on the market since 2013. the 360 vacation rentals represent less than .01% of dwellings in the city. yes, point zero one percent.", 
"\"Will they stop coming to HA because of that?\"", " ", "ALso, the enforceability of the arbitration clause, and many others, varies from state to state and certainly from country to country. ", 
"I have BIN enabled and I have a service fee", "Edit to add: I think this is why HA is also making it artificially difficult for an individual owner to run their VR by intoriducing unfair complex rules, impediments and obstacles to our ways of running our VRs. That is a push to either get rid of us, OR to push the owners to the point when they say \"to he!! with it\" and  turn their property over to a PM, then - see above.", 
" ", "I don't know much about HomeEscape, but I do know they have been around for a bit. ", 
"P.S. All of the above is NOT an option. ", "You said in your previous post \"IMO\". That means in YOUR opinion. Anyhow, if you remember, I have separated these concerns into a thread addressed to Thale and posted it THale/HA Management. Please provide guarantee that owners are NOT on the hook for the tax on fee. I do not remember anyone from HA replying other than one of the forum member pasting a link to the HA explanation where they suggest to \"contact HA\" in case we are contacted by tax authorities. At this point, since I have virtually no HA bookings since the fee, I will not worry myself about what they do with the tax on fee. If this continues, I may not have to worry about it till my subscription expires.", 
" ", " ", "I do like that Air has protections for the Owners that HAVRBO won't even consider.  In fact, HAVRBO has no protections for the owner.", 
" ", " ", "Create a new season in your rates.   Your daily rate is  10 cents.   Rent it to your dog.", 
" ", " ", "I did notice this a couple of days ago. I've experienced a rise in fees with PayPros and Authorize.net also. Fortunately, owners in our area have been able to bump rental rates up a bit without an adverse effect on bookings. With fuel prices on the decline, hopefully we can achieve good results in 2016. Bookings for next year are already ahead of 2014 and 2015.", 
"We have run into this before and ended up just bumping the reservation to another date range far in advance.  That will open up the current range for booking.  You should be able to cancel the reservation and go into the Payments section to refund if you need to.", 
"because they cannot. They should have only sold 50 premiums per market are - so that they all can fit one page one. We have been gouges. ", 
" ", "So, you said you're listening and you said changes to subscription listings are coming in April. Listen to me now...", 
" ", "bump", "Trying to fight publically-traded companies with moral arguments is futile. Trying to appeal to their \"decency\" is futile. They are only beholden to their shareholders.  Money talks. We should make them hear us via taking our business elsewhere. ", 
"I predict that there will emerge from this some very smart options which will break the HA and AirBnB model, and put the focus back on the Customer.      Truth be told, I think that HA and AirBnB will really have their work cut out for them..  HA/Expedia are on a trajectory that will simply come to an end at some point and burn out.   Their model of restricting free-market economics to extract an unreasonable share of the transaction revenue is unsustainable and it's creating GREAT opportunities for true innovators to emerge.     ", 
" ", " ", "", "However, you have done the exact right thing by resetting your password. I've alerted our Trust and Security team and asked them to reach out to you.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "ADDED", "With this change HA is probably opening itself up to be a defendant in an action for libel. For an overview of libel law, look at http://dictionary.law.com/Default.aspx?selected=1153. HA, by publishing reviews, should be treated similarly to a periodical. \"Most states provide for a party defamed by a periodical to demand a published retraction. If the correction is made, then there is no right to file a lawsuit.\" In short, if HA continues to publish defamatory facts (as distinguished from pure opinion) after receiving a demand that it be taken down then HA may, itself, be found to have commited the tort of libel. The prior policy, that a review would be taken down while legal action was pending againt the poster of a defamatory review, and the review would be re-posted if the libel action did not resolve in the owner's favor, would have kept HA out of trouble. ", 
"If a traveler came to hat category, Booking Options, they would obviously think they had only those two options, HA Payments and BIN - which just happen to be two things HA was coercing HomeOwners to get on, right?  So, if a traveler clicks on either of those two things, any home NOT on HA Payments or BIN would not show up on the search AT ALL, even if it met ALL OTHER CRITERIA!", 
"they \"should\" ding me for making a decision about my own business???? ", 
"I accept checks - personal and bank checks - and it's worked just fine for me, and my guests.  ", 
" ", "Are we to sign with them and relieve ourselves of all the undue stress and burden of renting our homes? ", 
"(4) Raise subscription fees on all owners.", " ", " ", "", 
"phawkins  and others   send a FB friend request to    Sammy Chloe", 
"So thanks for motivating me to expand outward and onward. Before today, I would not have given you credit for helping me grow and improve my business in any meaningful way. But now, I can honestly say that you all have indeed inspired me to do just that. ", 
"If a guest sends an email inquiry, not a book it request, and we proceed with the booking outside of VRBO this is not something HA is aware of (yet) and thus I would not expect to get credit.", 
"I have very few repeats also. ", "The problem is that SHOPPERS are leaving. They are not buying.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "But what I really want to say is I absolutely love your place!  I love water and I love homes on the water.  You're vacation home is on the next level and just WOW!  What ever gave you the idea to have the ceiling train?   So many fantastic details in your vacation rental and your video is certainly a step above.   ", 
" ", " ", "HelloThanks for the updated information. We are okay with the accommodation .We would also like to confirm the reservation on the following information:", 
"I'm up to 408.", "It won't take long for people to figure out they were lied to, never a good idea.", 
" ", "Who ARE these people?????", " ", "There have been posts by owners on some of the other boards stating they are no longer able to log into this forum and other owners stating that they have not been able to join this forum.  It is unfortunate because there are several thousand owners discussing these recent changes on multiple boards.It would be great if all of these owners could be posting in one place. ", 
"None of us know you or harbor any ill feelings towards you personally. It's we are backed into a corner with little way out to save or property.", 
"Just kidding, ya'll... but I wish I wasn't! For taxes, I'm making about $5000 net/year.  Err, was making.", 
"I think that I will soon be on HA's s**t list.  Although I used to get a lot of inquiries and booking from HA/VRBO, their shenanigans have caused HA/VRBO inquiries to fall off a cliff. Although I use the HA/VRBO calendar to keep track of bookings, most of the bookings are coming from other sources. Makes things look bad by HA criteria.  I don't think that they understand that the reason the bookings are not processed through VRBO, is that because of their  BM algorithms  few inquiries are coming from HA/VRBO.", 
" ", "If you need further assistance, please feel free to contact us again through our Help page at the link below. This resource also provides commonly asked questions and answers.  http://help.vrbo.com  Thank you for using VRBO.com, a member of the HomeAway family of brands. HomeAway is the world leader in vacation rentals, with over 1 million listings.  Kind regards,  Susan", 
"So in my mind, and I am guessing to the consumer, the fees are now comparable. Now HA is \"like\" Airbnb, to the guest.", 
"Until my questions are answered, I will continue to ask them.", 
" ", "http://skift.com/2016/03/15/challenges-in-travel-booking-2016-expedia/", 
"Number of bookings in time frame from the three sites with service fee: 107783            Number of bookings in time frame WITHOUT Service Fee:  69597", 
"I hope they get spanked in court. ", " ", "But it keeps them on the knife.", 
"some I've heard suggested here are:", "Perhaps tonyha or someone else will chime in here to confirm / clarify.", 
" ", " ", "So Sharples and Shepard set their sights on cashing out instead of growing their company, but who would buy?  They saw the potential suitors as the big OTA's: Priceline, Expedia, Travelocity, and Orbitz.", 
" ", "", "I called them again on Thursday and it turns out the first submission was missing one number on the account.  This of course would never have happened if the account number had to be entered twice like every other electronic draft system.  I can say I’m completely disappointed with this whole process.  It’s not the money, it is the time I’ve had to invest on the phone dealing with something that could have been avoided.  ", 
"Edited by mlbmaine:  Also, even large national banks do not have branches everywhere.  For example, Bank of America does not have any branches in Minnesota that I am aware of.  If the owner sent you a deposit slip for his account at Bank of America, how would you be able to deposit cash into the owner's account?", 
"3/04/14 $25 fee is removed from my checking account by Homeaway Fees", 
"So, if you haven't enabled HA payments -- and maybe BIN, not sure -- you will not be able to see or enter traveler reviews.", 
" ", "seasonality - currently in high season", "Long before the Expedia buyout, my state started requiring occupancy tax. I just increased my rates by that much without a separate tax line. Tax is included in the nightly rate.", 
"I never checked ids before but I will now. I had no idea this could happen....and 2x in one week!", 
"This makes me so mad!", "The thing that seems to annoy me most, is that HA continues to think we're stupid, that we won't notice and that we'll forget.    ", 
"straw votes taken to restrict VRs to maximum of 90 days annually with minimum five-night stays are onerous at best. zoning to limit them exclusively to visitor serving zones will effectively eliminate 83% of VRs. that won't fly with the California Coastal Commission, which has maintained a pro-vr stance with other cities seeking to implement overly-restrictive regulations/zoning, and sent them back to the drawing board. ", 
" ", "Check your email settings and make sure there are no forwarding rules in place that you are not aware of.", 
" ", "You may not have enabled credit card payments, but for the service fee to be on your listing you must have put in information for alternate payment methods - personal checks or PayPal - for example.", 
"a PM with 200 listings that is constantly churning out bookings is much easier for HA than dealing with 200 individual owners", 
"But I just signed another weekend in May -- my off season -- through AirBnB.    ", 
"Really????  Man then they need to step up and provide a little bit of customer support. I like to speak with some one, not just email. ", 
"The worst is HA completely disregarding their original customers and lack of communication.  The service fee is second worst as it is killing of our summer rental business.  Worst match is devious in that it is the best match for HA, not owners.  I don't even mind HA changing their model if they had put in a smaller fee and had communicated properly.  ", 
"Not accurate in my opinion and you're asking for the wrong thing. Don't ask for something from some DOR saying that owners are not liable for paying taxes on this fee. You show us something from some DOR saying that we are responsible for taxes on a separate, non-mandatory fee charged and received by someone else. Everything you've posted so far shows we are responsible for taxes on items we charge and receive. If, while staying in your property, someone buys something from Target, then Target collects and pays the taxes, not you. If someone buys the use of HomeAway's site in order to find and book your property, then HomeAway collects and pays the taxes, not you.", 
"My opinion is that I HOPE that you are correct - the sales tax burden should be on HA.", 
"", "Their emphasis on \"shared economy\". But the most important part is , THEY DO NOT GENERATE BOOKINGS FOR ME. period. I know HA management loves to benchmark against ABB. Maybe ABB generates bookings in Austin where HA is headquartered. Maybe ABB generates bookings somewhere somplace in another country or another coast. ABB is a VERY small side player for me, not even a viable option. Can this change? possibly. But I am stating what I am experiencing NOW, and smoky1 has same experience - we are in the same market. So it is not just me.", 
"My \"no cancellation\" policy will not be honored.  Quirks of transportation booked in a traveler's name several months in advance require this policy.  ", 
"What is WRONG with this company???", "Right, and your dog will now have to cough up a credit card and pay HA a 10% service fee. ", 
"Tom ", "SInce I see  that you have addressed communication skills above in your statement (that homeowners need to brush up on ours ), I would like to ask for some communication and clarification from the HAXpedia team regarding expectations of homeowners. Specifically, I think your team needs to do some work to manage and communicate what the expectations are of the homeowners.", 
"My problem, as is the case with many owners in my area, is that over 50% of my guests come from outside of the US. This will be no small added expense. For domestic transactions, I may not be able to beat HA's 2.5%, but for international, I have to look for something better than 4.5%. That's just too much!", 
"Yes to the idea of moving the date out.  I just never had to do that before.     ", 
"Excellent question. And you're right, of course they have the data.", 
"There may be short time periods of noise when a tile falls and hits the floor, but with concrete floors would they really hear that much noise?", 
" ", "So I think not..even if his desired timeframe becomes available.", 
"Very well put. Lets hope they listen.", "What reward tidbits have they offered? Each time I read communications from them, they get worse. Today I saw one where Hale spoke down to the collective subscriber group threatening to shut down the thread if discussion became heated, saying that we need to learn those skills anyway. And I guess he is here to teach us a lesson.", 
" ", "2) I would suggest that the \"most involved\" users of HA/VRBO are absorbing best practices from the various conversations and adopting them in their diversification strategies...just dropping HA/VRBO doesn't seem a prudent course of action but using a portfolio of services does.", 
"Wby did you say \"nice try...\"? ", "------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------", 
" ", "The Republic (Destinations column, written by Dawn Gilbertson) writes about the new homeaway service fee:", 
"While we encourage all users to post only information that is truthful and accurate, HomeAway is not a fact finder and cannot be put in a position to determine the legitimacy of contributed content. All users should know that their contributed content could subject them to misrepresentation or defamation claims, which HomeAway will not moderate or arbitrate.", 
" ", " ", " ", "First HA recommended that guests call owners by number on listing to verify them, now no mention of that as protection, just service fee.", 
" ", " ", "", "BIN is actually a WONDERFUL thing. When a person receives a BIN request, it means the vacationer has LOCKED IN to renting their home for a period of 24 hours and the homeowner has 24 hours to make a decision. I rejoice when I receive a BIN request. Seriously!!! This was never communicated to the homeowners in this way. Instead it seemed like some draconian dictate from an uncaring corporation. Honestly? If a homeowner can't be bothered to check somebody out in 24 hours and make a decision, they probably shouldn't be on VRBO because they are losing opportunity and wasting their money, it's like having a store that's never open. Or only open when they feel like being open. This doesn't equate to people having a good experience on VRBO and in the long run, would hurt us all because the site would develop a reputation for doing the equivalent of leaving somebody on hold for a long time. This was solved, I thought, by displaying badges on the listing. Amazon solves this problem by allowing you to choose vendor parameters on the left hand side of their web interface. You can choose to only see products that are Prime eligible, or only see products that can be delivered tomorrow, etc. So there were other ways to solve this rather than mandating this. HomeAway, as acceptor of subscriber fees, could have chosen to go this route. Easily.", 
" ", "", " ", "", " ", "The oldest Millennials are just into their 30s now...and they are vastly different than we Later Gen X/Gen Y people approaching 40 and beyond.", 
" ", "I suppose that hiding email addresses and phone #'s are not far behind ", 
"As to the middleman concept, sometimes they're necessary. But when we get to a point where there is no benefit to the traveler or the hotel to use a middleman, then WHY use them?", 
"FRANCESCA GINO writes  in SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN, \"....... a  sarcastic attitude is a reflection of a higher level of creativity.\"", 
"I thought so too, but you can indeed downgrade on your owners page.  I dropped from platinum to classic.  ", 
"I simply cannot  believe that they did this.  They are cutting their own throat.  I have used BIN and was going to continue using BIN, if people wanted to pay the fee and the high \"un-discounted\" rates.  They are the ones that are losing - not necessarily me.  Unbelievable!", 
"Pretty immoral.", "HomeAway has no business steering travelers to or away from ANY homes; nor does it have any business speaking FOR any owner.", 
"Thanks for the kind words.  I probably dont deserve them after my tirade ", 
"I could be wrong, but my recollection is that Katie (the former moderator) stated that pay-per-booking listings appear after subscription listings.", 
"Best Regards ", "Name : Mr & Ms M.A LUCAS 2A. Khmelnitskogo Street,Shevchenkivs'kyi District, Kiev, 01030 Ukraine Also , due to the unsecured use of credit card or other online payment,we will arrange for payment inform of a check.Please do forward me the following details for payment", 
" ", " ", " ", "Greedy stockholders not caring how they acquire travelers because the more data they have the greater their ability to be sold to a big internet company and cashout on their investment. I refer you back to Enron, Madoff and all the others who eventually collapse because they can't keep the ponzi scheme going.", 
"IM sorry this hit you today. You're the first person I have seen who had the maximum fee instituted but I expect that it will hit one of my rentals this summer and it will quite possibly deter the people from renting my home. Time will tell. ", 
"If Homeaway is not allowing new members into the forum, all the more reason to keep posting here.  And, controlling membership could be the first step toward silencing the forum.", 
"You might be a nice guy and would be fun to have a beer with. But not just yet. We are still mad as hell.", 
"property value:    $280,000", " ", "Actually the airlines have moved past the old model that you have described.", 
"Resolutions Team VRBO.com Customer Support ----------------------------------------- ref:_00D708VtP._500391aTLmP:ref", 
" ", " ", "Looking at both anecdotal evidence and historical evidence, the HA fee is a complete and utter failure.", 
" ", "   ", "Retrieving data ...", "\"Well,\" says the balloonist, \"everything you have told me is technically correct, but It's of no use to anyone.\"", 
"Every minute of every day, somebody, somewhere is just a whim away from singing \"The Lion Sleeps Tonight\" ", 
"HA/VRBO cannot justify charging the traveler a service fee based on a % of the rent, but then remove money from the owner's acct.   If so, then it would only make sense for HA/VRBO to charge a small flat fee.  Why take $500 if the Owner will have to pay back money to the guest if HA thinks so..", 
"AS a tool for leverage, I am guessing we will soon find out that our listings will not be archived if not renewed. ", 
"So in your particular situation, your VR still appears attractive to prospects.  Unfortunately most owners have priced their VR at market rates, so there is no 10% wiggle room and shoppers can see that so they abandon their shopping cart Im afraid.", 
"Dara Khosrowshahi, CEO, Expedia -“We have long had our eyes on the fast growing ~$100 billion alternative accommodations space and have been building on our partnership with HomeAway, a global leader in vacation rentals, for two years. Bringing HomeAway into the Expedia, Inc. family and adding its leading brands to our portfolio of the most trusted brands in travel is a logical next step. We have tremendous respect for the HomeAway team and the business they have built. With our expertise in powering global transactional platforms and our industry-leading technology capabilities, we look forward to partnering with them to accelerate their shift from a classified marketplace to an online, transactional model to create even better experiences for HomeAway’s global traveler audience and the owners and managers of its 1.2 million properties around the world.”", 
" ", "that is ALL I ever want(ed) or need from them. Period. In essence, they are somewhat of a commodity, albeit some more valuable than others.", 
" ", "I’m putting a check in the mail today for the $25, because I will not use their system again.", 
"I too, just had an e-check bounce. The guest stated that it was an error and that she was now willing to pay by credit card. I declined to accept the credit card payment and just told her that the reservation was cancelled and that she would need to find another accomodation for her vist in a couple of weeks. ", 
" ", " ", "It's very instructive to use the \"all listings\" in the united states setting to get a \"big picture\" view.", 
"pricing - competitive (no price changes in last two years)(booked calendar from Dec through Feb)", 
"Actually since November.", "I don't know if they are claiming the cards are stolen or not.", 
"Thought I'd check the rates on HomeAway (my post above reflected VRBO's site).  Seems the discrepancy just got larger:", 
"They may have whatever in their analytics. Maybe the travelers ARE coming to the site (all those expensive ads HA is supposedly buying), but travelers are NOT  not buying via the site, at least not from me.  I just know that I have not had anything via VRBO other than one \"fishing expedition\" inquiry. However, in a span of a week, I have booked:", 
" ", "After FK add the traveler fee the traffic to the site tanked. Travelers will find a VR they want at the price they want to pay without a fee. ", 
" ", "THe the legal department no doubt has included this verbage to deter customer legal action. ", 
"I have not input any of that information into the system, I at one time clicked on alternate payments, because I do take credit cards in my own online booking system, but never put in any other information when they wanted me to put in my banking info, etc... so never activated that.", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", "Do they verify ownership? This is a major red flag if they do not.", 
"None.  Lack of transparency.", " ", " ", "Tax \"none\"?? I assume it is included in the price but aren't you required to say so?", 
"I think we can all agree that the \"sharing\" economy is an enormous marketing scheme.", 
"Monies are held until guest checks in - on a seasonal rental reserved nearly 12 months in advance, this is unacceptable.", 
"It's what's wrong with big business. It's Enron, Countrywide, Monsanto, etc", 
"My dog will only write checks . . . . ", " ", " ", "I couldn't tell from your original post if the traveler is charged a % of the fee.  So you have to pay 4.5% for someone coming from Canada?", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", " ", "You are at grave risk of losing the best, brightest, and most committed owners. You don't have to take my word for it, you can read it from them directly.", 
" ", "Very well said.", " ", "Additionally,  the current companies are creating a great opportunity for investors who like to take short positions on stocks, there will come a perfect time to do that!", 
" ", "I don't follow your meaning.   What am I upset at?   ", 
"Dear Carol,", "As a side note: IF Bill had paid money to the fraudster PM for trip, this is exactly the type of situation that the Book with confidence guarantee is designed to protect against. ", 
" ", "", "The rationale for this change utterly escapes me, but I must agree that it reflects a hostile attitude toward owners.", 
"This was so shocking and alarming, and I called HomeAway right away and told them they have to take it down, that it does not belong on that page, and that if they are going to have a category, they should include ALL options available to the traveler. I also explained that travelers (\"this is what travelers want! - HA) were not seeing up to 60% of the properties that met their criteria because of this one thing; that property owners who have decided they don't want the OPTIONS BIN and HA Payments also paid - and paid  MORE - to have their listings advertised, that it is wholly unethical for HomeAway to deliberately keep homes from showing up on searches, etc.", 
"No, they should not.  these companies are NOT my overseers.  They have no right to tell me I may or may not cancel a booking.  If I'm a lousy owner, the reviews will reflect that. ", 
"Actually in this clip they even called the scammer in the ad and he told them all about the unit he was trying to rent to them. The manager of the project was listening in and asked what unit number it was....then she announced that she was the manager and that she knew that unit was not available for renting. the scammer hung up.", 
"Anyone have experience with donating a vacation to a charity?  The Wounded Warrior Project was founded in my hometown and seems like a good option - not much info on their website though, other than contacting my local VA.  I don't know if this is a good idea, or a really bad one .    I simply hate the thought of my places sitting empty at a such a desirable time of the year!!", 
" ", "(5) Like it or not BIN and HA Payments would be a mandatory requirement. (Keep in mind there isn't a service fee)", 
" ", " ", "anyone having trouble finding the group, send a FB request to ...  Sammy Chloe", 
" ", "So thanks for that. ", "I am speaking strictly of bookings using the book it request button. Something on my one listing is broken and VRBO won't address it. I do not have this issue with my other listing. Exact same methodology for each listing. One has the issue and one does not.", 
"They had to tell you, us something. Just to through a fee out and say nothing would be worse that what they did. So they claim all this is for getting you more bookings. You ask can they do that. The real answer is for some properties maybe a few more, For people like yourself that only have a few weeks and were doing great before NO they can't deliver any more.", 
"Unless of course every owner on all the various forums are simply all lying.  Unfortunately almost all the anecdotal evidence points to the simple truth that shoppers \"have left the building\".", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "It was me. Since the terms change frequently, what I was told a month ago may longer apply. I think Carol wrote CS told her she can't opt out of new terms until her subscription date.", 
"Is it just me or are other people annoyed at vrrentcamera asking for listing ID.", 
" ", " ", "Hi mlb:", " ", " FULL NAMEBILLING ADDRESSCONTACT TELEPHONE NUMBER EMAIL ADDRESS", 
"But, I just got an inquiry.  Someone looking to host 200 friends who all looked at it?????  This is too weird.  I am suspcious of this inquiry and will probably not respond to it.", 
"Exactly! Why the deception?", "We are confident that our plans for 2016 will make our service even better than before and because HomeAway and Expedia share a passion for delivering amazing experiences for travelers and bookings to you, we couldn’t be more excited about what the future holds. In the months to come, we will share additional details.", 
"why would an owner list with booking.com, knowing those are their practices? ", 
" ", "The forum allows them access to owners and their thoughts and strategies.  They keep it because we feed them valuable insight into our businesses.", 
"How would you characterize bemoaning about being on this forum on a Sunday when your company has so poorly executed a flawed business plan that you've actually got prospective guests telling me (who listed with VRBO to begin with solely for the visibility and not with any expectation of bookings materializing) that they will opt for a hotel first in my veeeery VR friendly and VR heavy locale because they think that HA/VRBO are untrustworthy and don't want you to have access to their credit card information now, and think VR owners untrustworthy by extension such that I have spent 17 hours per week networking with other owners and guests, and talking them and guests out of openly bashing HA/VRBO to no productive end while still waiting for an answer to when and how VRBO will be complying with NC law regarding correctly providing quotes to prospective guests and correctly recording and disclosing to VR owners taxes properly collected and remitted?  (HINT: if you want to see what you are supposed to do as a booking site, look at listings on ABnB, where they are ACTUALLY quoting guests accurate amounts)", 
" ", "Steve", " ", "Dear Alan,", "The story lies in the shift from being a \"free\" website to now being one that charges the guests to use it. That doesn't make it \"more expensive than Airbnb\", it makes it more expensive than it was last time the traveler used it. Last year there wasn't a servuce fee, this year there is. That's what the traveler will see and say. ", 
"ANd I would not underestimate the homeowners group in terms of their dissatisfaction. What you have on here is a group of people who are successful and bright enough to own vacation homes and also motivated enough to manage them. These individuals (and there are far more than a dozen who aren't happy) have a vested interest, financially and otherwise, in their properties and it is their right to demand answers where they are due, in this case from a company we have paid for a service that has evolved into something we don't understand.", 
" ", "well worth reading the entire article, also addresses Expedia as catalyst for hotel brands taking back their business..... ", 
"__________________                                                                                                       ______________________________  ", 
"I had a good email dialogue yesterday with Brian Sharples.  I sent Brian a few very long emails with my thoughts on the owner's perspective.  Brian was very nice and replied to my questions and took the feedback to heart.  I would suggest that other write to him directly at [email removed] I tried to keep all of my messages non-emotional and take any ranting/complaining out but focus on stating concerns and not being abrasive or berating.  (You catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.)", 
" ", "", " ", "Wholehearted thanks to All who replied/above.  To be clear, I have two listings: both of which have been 'classic,' from the get-go.  One, since 2011, is in the mid-West; the other (since 2015/and launched, albeit, with 'late/limited' availability) is in the mid-Atlantic.  Combined, I've logged 65 hard-earned, stellar reviews.  Both expire s-o-o-n.", 
"Seriously! go find another target- I have a limited amount of days to fill - the fee isn't changing the booking stats. I am batting 100", 
" ", "To make HA more attractive to a buyer, Sharples strategized that he could convince a buyer that they could make ALOT more bucks with a commission model, even though he knew as recently as 2 years prior that it would fail.", 
" ", "Do you include all of your fees/tax on your rates page?  If not, this would help to eliminate the tire kickers from sending you an inquiry.  I charge a $500 refundable deposit and if someone balks at it I explain it once (refundable within several days of departure if no issues) and if they are still not satisfied I suggest they find another rental.  The complainers are usually the ones who caused most of the issues before I stopped renting to complainers.", 
" ", " ", "I of course contact the renter on 2/28/14 and let him know that he needs to call VRBO and get this handled asap.  He calls VRBO on 3/1/14 and pays again with them on the phone through eCheck.  He tells me they did not give him a reason as they could only see last 4 of account number.  ", 
"Clarification added: this comment refers ONLY to reviews owners write about travelers, not the reviews travelers leave for owners. ", 
" ", "listing quality - high, with 80% acceptance rate", "nov and dec were zilch for me, zilch. And usually they are prime time, ", 
" ", " ", "1 Facebook direct - summer fill in days", "adding insult to injury, \"home sharing\" will be allowed in residential zones with no restrictions whatsoever. planning commission and city council members claim \"home sharing\" will fill the gap. just one problem: not a single San Clemente home share advertised on Craig's List or Airbnb. not one. zero. nada.", 
"Exactly this. I bought a Platinum Membership and a Featured Listing on VRBO specifically because neither travelers nor I would have to pay fees on a per-booking basis. I marketed my property through many sites and would push people to VRBO to close the deal through HA payments - having shelled out $1,600 for the listing. Now I get screwed 2 months after buying the subscription such that I can't send people here for quick and easy payments without them getting charged $150. It's shameful what VRBO has done.", 
"Good luck - let us know the outcome.", "I saw also in another thread that the \"Legal Department\" at HomeAway has determined the changes were not substanative nor anything more than clerical because the Service Fee is being charged to the traveler and not the owners. Well, excuse me, but that binding contract they named \"Terms and Conditions\" applies to both sides of the transaction!! Furthermore, their legal department does not get to determine what is substanative change. I think a courtroom and 12 jurors will better help them see the light.", 
"When you clicked on alternate payments, they got you.", "While that may be accurate, it will also be HA's downfall.", 
"The power of Pinterest:  ", "I would like to know that as well, I just have not got that far with them yet, and the rate at which they are responding, probably won't get any further either!", 
"I'd add one more -- falling number of inquiries, which I believe is actually independent of Best Match.  ", 
"Keep in mind that when booking through HomeAway, the traveler is paying for two completely different things to two completely different entities - fee to HomeAway for using the site and rental to owner for staying in their property. And, if the traveler books outside of HomeAway, then there is not fee; which means the fee is not mandatory.", 
"However when I read state sales tax laws, they have not yet caught up with the internet age.  So most of them simply talk about the \"entire sale amount\".", 
"Another interesting case which is bit misleading.", " ", " ", 
" ", "thaxterlane wrote:", " ", "I have seen TomHale  and others quoted in several places as saying that HAXpedia has begun to penalize and deal with owners who are not \"playing by the rules\". I have also read some commentary on this discussion board from some HAXpedia employees alluding to the same, specifically in reference to numbers of inquiries one receives and an unspecified expected closing or conversion rate. ", 
" ", "The majority of my guests are multi-generational families, or two adult siblings with families, or two good friends with families.  My home accommodates 8-10 guests.  ", 
"The tier levels had value (to some extent) before Best Match. But now that searches are so \"dynamic\" (read: arbitrary), the value is gone. And, as you said, the huge push for PPB listings has further diluted the situation.", 
"I would think that an owner might inform the guest of the remodel, and then wait and see if the guest complains after staying there.", 
" ", "Edited…", "Hello mr. sharples,", "i Am aghast at the abusive, controlling and disrespectful narrative this company has towards its paying customers. Simply aghast. It's classless and from a business standpoint baffling. ", 
"Help is on the way. Temporarily delayed by a couple of other big projects which were already in the works....but help is on the way.", 
"3) I am guessing the major surprise to management at Expedia will be the loss of reputation.  Whatever the income, the lack of love now for HA/VRBO has probably surprised them (look at ratings on Google, Yelp, what is said in cocktail conversations, etc.).  It reminds me of old US airline companies, where people went out of their way to say how bad something was.  HA/VRBO seems to have achieved this distinction in a remarkably short period of time.  They may make more money, but I certainly have gone from \"I love this platform\" to \"I'm amazed at how a company could irritate 1.4 million subscribers in such a short period of time.  Only use them if you have to\" (which is what I do with TripAdvisor).", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "Property listing descriptions must relate to the property.", 
"Great points on the risk that HA is exposing itself to regarding being a defendant in a libel action.", 
" ", " ", "Cashiers check. Lol.", "II've tried it three times, never got a single booking. That's just my experience and my property is in Central America so people just don't likely make a spur of the moment decision and fly down.", 
" ", "", "Payment processing is another thing. When was the last time you wrote a check for something and weren't happy with what you got and your bank stepped in to help you out? I would guess the answer to that is never. But a credit card company has built in protection to you and will sort it out for you or refund your money. People like that, and in my view those who don't accept credit cards are only hurting themselves. But that should be up to them to decide if they are paying for a service.", 
"Edited. ", "If you have trouble finding  Sammy Chloe   then it should be top choice at this link", 
"If you click on this link....the top choice should be Sammy Chloe FB", 
"", "If it's not booked through HA, HA makes no money on the booking. Making money on the booking, not the actual booking, is HA determinant for conversation rate.", 
"So once they seen the writing on the wall,  it is now \"traveler guarantee\" \"money back guarantee for the traveler\" These are the new promises that are being made.", 
" ", "IMO that will be the end for most of the folks on this forum - most seem to have no interest in turning over their million $ homes to an IP address.", 
"Back in the day the technology was such that the middlemen were offering a useful service. But with Google searches, it's not as if you have any trouble finding a hotel in the area you want to stay in, and once you find them, you can call them direct just as easily as you can call Expedia. ", 
"Keep laughing, keep questioning and keep commenting, bros......ignoring the prissy comments and doomsday predictions that we have to give in to tyrannical methods. ", 
"Talking about it was easy.  ", " ", "This post has nothing to do with critiquing her home.", 
"I agree with this statement 1000%.", "Your place looks spectacular - and as one of your reviews states:", 
"When I spoke to a knowledgeable support person (fixed an issue while on the phone, when two previous calls couldn't determine the issue), he said that it was common for the new and pay-per-bookings listings to get moved for increased visibility.  Once they have some activity, they get moved to their \"rightful\" place.  Brian mentioned in one of his interviews that they were \"playing\" with the listing placement on a regional bases.  I feel the ability for owners to see their current placement was removed because the placement is a little more \"fluid\" than stated in policy.   I don't remember anything about pay-per-booking listings being after subscriptions, but I could have missed that.", 
"Anya Tatarinova", "Hope to hear from you soonBest Regards", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", " ", "Because unless they are on this forum, they may not know that these are their practices. When you read the T&C you could not fathom that this is their interpretation of compensating the wronged traveler that is written in incomprehensible legalize.", 
"it sucks. I'm sorry. ", "I'm not sure how valuable my insights into the business are.  I began renting my vacation home when the process was advertising in the Sunday classifieds, sending printed brochures though the mail (with a stamped return envelope . . . ), accepting a check, and explaining the key was under the shingle (count over and up to the left of the rear door . . . ).", 
" ", "annual gross vr rental income      $36,000 1st year, $50,000 2nd year", 
"Retrieving data ...", "The new model for major carriers is to have very few employees.  Most of the people you see at the airline are not major airline employees - rather they are employees of subsidiaries and other companies, which are contracted by the big carriers.  There are no rules, no unions, the big airlines simply run out the three year contracts, the small company closes its doors, and another company hires all the newly unemployed workers left behind by the old contracting company.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "", " ", "The man below replies, \"You must be on our management team.\"", 
"The Lion sleeps tonight - YouTube", "HA can't have it both ways....charge a % and offer a guarantee, but then take money from the Owner.  That would be truly insane.   ", 
" ", "% conversion for inquiry of request to book. New guests converted to bookings. No mention of the fee.", 
"mr.cramac s probably correct in his analysis that the changes that have been made are coming from Expedia.  However, I cannot forgive the Board of Directors at HomeAway for selling me a contract, and then changing the terms of our contract without being transparent as to why the terms of the contract had to be changed.  If I had wanted to contract with a company that charged the homeowner fees and traveler fees for listing services and other unknown benefits, I would have done so.  No.  I chose HomeAway (and initially VRBO) as they then offered me exactly what I was willing to pay for; advertising, with no frills and no muss.  My home will remain on their website as I have employees who rely on this income, but it will probably be two or more years before my client base recovers as a result of the service fee and the Best Match algorithm..  My bookings, regardless of the extra money spent on marketing, are 1/4 of what they were last year at this time.", 
" ", "it seems that HA/Expedia is not happy with this limited role they play in the private vacation home rental market. Subscription based compensation with additional insurance and credit card revenue streams is not enough for them. They want more. More money, more control. ", 
" ", "I actually felt for him and did not want his upcoming stay to be jaded by this experience when I agree with his assessment of them needing a confirmation of the number input.  After all, I have received inquiries where the user mispelled their own email address but that doesn't cost them or the owner a $25 fee.  I wrote him back the following:", 
"If someone can't make the payment right the first time, I am leary of making adjustments for other forms that can also be charged back. I just choose to avoid complicated bookings completely.", 
" ", "It will be interested to see when this rolls out and how it will work.  But it would not surprise me if they dump all previous reviews and start over for those that use BIN.  Time will tell…", 
"Hope that helps!", "", "Ditto for me, no bookings since November  and  2 inquiries since then, that's it.   I am booked for all of ski season and a lot of the summer, but there are still a few prime summer weeks available and I'm not even getting inquiries, which is unprecedented in the 6 years I've been on VRBO with this property.", 
"I would hope that if they were reported stolen, that would be indicated right away because there in nothing that can be done about that.", 
" ", "3 VHR bookings (late summer - early fall)", " ", "Many owners that did not opt-in did so for several reasons...I did not opt-in for anything because I have my own site that handles all of my bookings. I did not want HA to take any of my business other than a listing fee. I had the for-site to plan my vr business differently and diversify. I do not want the service fee regardless of whether others now have to pay it. Please do not lump me in with owners who chose another way to handle payments. We are all in agreement the service fee is wrong.", 
"My inbox looks fine both on my laptop and the new app. ", "It was a canned reply from customer service.  No one here has actually officially requested removal of the service fee to my knowledge.", 
"Yours is the first report I've seen of this. I've checked dozens of listings around the country that do not offer BIN or HA payments and none of them show the service fee.  ", 
" ", " ", "I haven't tried it and don't know if I will. Just remember, every listing site started with just one property.", 
" ", "I like your argument and your points.  However they are not in line with most state DOR rules (except NC).", 
" ", " ", "I learned about sharing in kindergarten, and Ms. Shugrue, my beloved teacher, never mentioned the exchange of monies . . . . ", 
"And a third reason:", "I'm not saying this is what HA is doing, I'm saying that is what VacationHomeRentals.com did to me. I LOVED them until they pulled that crap on me. Luckily, I read the email before accidentally logging on.", 
" ", "", " ", "Any idea how much PayPal is for intl?", " ", 
" ", " ", "Don't wait to discuss the changes coming in April. Communicate early and often. Let us know now. If you wait, many may be gone by then. Drop this fee that now has my property priced too high (remember, I've already proven that). Charge owners more, but don't do so without giving owners more. I'd suggest putting protections for them in place, especially regarding credit card payment coverage.", 
"who would want to get married on 911, not to mention it is also the birthday for the bride to be", 
"I want to opt out of the service fee as a platinum level global bundle customer that paid over $1800 to list my home on your site. The service fee was not a part of the terms and conditions of the contract we entered into with you. I will accept the fee when I renew (if I renew) as at that time I would have to accept new terms. Until that renewal date in May, I don't want to pay you a fee or have my guests charged that fee.", 
"Tom or Brian already mentioned \"rebates\" to owners for good conversion rates.", 
" ", "Dropping HA/VRBO AND ABB is a good practice because people MUST reject this business model altogether.  It is not a healthy, free-enterprise model.  It is, rather, a massive grab of other people's properties and businesses.  If I want to pay someone to manage my company, I will hire a PM of my own choice and of my own free will.  I will NOT allow another company to FORCE me to pay them to manage my company...OR ELSE.", 
"I can answer why I wrote \"nice try\".  It was sarcastic, because Homeaway has been monitoring listings and sending warnings to those containing language and/or information which displeases Homeaway.  ", 
"Thank you for contacting HomeAway Customer Support.", "Regards,", 
"VRBO, HomeAway add service fees", "Property listings should not direct travelers to third-party websites.", 
" ", "I made a number of calls to HA to address this. I was, per usual, treated in a condescending way, told I was wrong, that they \"don't have to click anything\" (what morons!), etc.  ", 
"These companies are  - and have - taken control of other people's properties and businesses.  They have absolutely NO right to do so.  None.  ", 
" ", " ", "Edited. ", "(6) The VR side would have to pay the service fees just like the AirBnb model they are trying to achieve.", 
" ", "FYI, I got the link to work by removing the http at the end.  That said, after reading the article I have the following comment…", 
"https://www.facebook.com/public/Sammy-Chloe", "https://www.facebook.com/public/Sammy-Chloe", 
"XOXOXO", "I know that. I think you are missing something in the details here. This is an issue that predates the service fee. ", 
"Can a few of us handle more booking? Yes I can,  but not at the expense of my property being destroyed by H/A's customers or me being forced to refund money because a guest knows how to manipulate the system. Going in to a rental knowing that all they need to do is call some CS person in India and get their money back.", 
" ", " ", "Almost always when you call direct you get a cheaper rate.", 
" ", " ", "I decided to leave things as is. If I am still able to have traveler contact information before accepting a booking and number of dates rented stays the same, I'll likely renew (if there are subscription) in Dec.", 
"The Request has a feeling of stalking.", "We are homeaway. Resistance is futile.", 
" ", "Well, your customer support source certainly sounds good.  When he referred to pay-per-booking listings being moved to their \"rightful\" place after they have received some visibility, the rightful place may be after the subscription listings. ", 
"I received two separate inquiries booking different weeks, different names, same address in the Ukraine and reported them as spam. Yes, song and dance about using a credit card.", 
"  MADIAN LUCAS", "**Bends over for her spanking from HomeAway**", 
"I’ve been in this  forum for a long time, as a VR Owner and Traveler.  Many friends & family members have used VRBO & HA for many years to find vacation homes to rent for a variety of reasons – vacations, business trips, etc. Since the new “fees” were added I’ve heard from almost every single one of them asking “WHAT is this new pricing about?”, “ I’m not paying this fee!!” “ Do you know how I can contact Owners directly?”, etc. ", 
"All my best,Brian SharplesCEO", "If a potential guest clicks my \"book it now\" button or sends an inquiry the guest only sees \"service fee.\"  Sure, if the guest knows to hover over the words \"service fee\" it states it is a VRBO service fee, but given most of my guests are older, and often not particularly tech-savvy, they more often than not don't know they might get more information by hovering over the words.  Also, even if they do hover and read the brief note about it being a VRBO service fee that is charged for their own good, the value proposition associated with the fee is no where to be found.", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", "That time is over and above the hours I devote to my own VR business and interaction with guests, vendors, and marketing, and over and above my 7 day, 63 hour standard work week, and I wouldn't dream of complaining to any of the people here, who gives freely of their insight and talent as well.", 
" ", "https://skift.com/2015/11/23/interview-expedia-ceo-envisions-direct-competition-with-airbnb-over-next-few-years/", 
" ", "The answer is HA has the opportunity to make more money from online bookings through credit card fees and now through our service fees. Online booking enables HA to collect this money quickly and efficiently, so we are better served placing those listings higher in the sort. ", 
"As HA has said many times, their research proves that travelers will agree to this fee, and I actually agree that they will accept it. They already pay the fee on other sites like Airbnb and perhaps even on some of the other sitee you listed, most of which I am not familiar enough with to speak to their fees. ", 
"if HA C level officers, as you insinuate, retaliate against their customers (who are merely asking for clarification of the new \"rules\", who have paid for their listings and therefore have bouhht the service HA is selling) by kicking them off of this forum and out of HA, I can imagine that would be a news story worth reporting. America doesn't root for corporate abuse. Haven't you kept up with the news lately, Mr. Secrets?", 
" ", " ", "Please be sure to use only those bookings with a service fee for 2016 since it appears not all bookings were including the service fee?", 
"I think that it is important for HA Execs to hear directly from their customers and to know what the impact has been to your business.  Brian seems like a reasonable guy and I think that he is caught between a rock and a hard place right now with Expedia really calling the shots.  Your feedback and comments might make a difference and help influence future decisions.", 
" ", " ", "May I suggest you submit this question to Tom Hale as part  of the \"town hall\" he's hosting?  ", 
"I'm grateful to and have learned much from you, the contributors to this forum: I've not enabled BIN, nor HA's 'safe' payments.  And was able to evade 'Hospitality's' seeming purgatory of spam/over my unauthorized signature for Guests, via that feature's not-so-innocent \"Click-here\" button.", 
" ", "A very few remarks to add to your detailed post and the well thought out responses.", 
"He set the bait with BIN and \"Best-match\" and a closed email system and got all the systems tee'd up for pulling the trigger post-sale and implementing commission + subscription model.", 
" ", "PS - are you sure you cannot increase your nightly rate?  The higher the rate the less likely they are to complain about other fees, I've found.", 
" ", " ", "Once I see there is a $25 fee, I call VRBO support to ascertain the reason knowing it was from the eCheck failure but wanted to hear it from them.  They say they told the renter he had entered the wrong account number (which he denies since the rep could only see the last 4 of the account).  They suggested I bill the renter for the $25 fee.which I did with the explanation that they told me they informed him of him inputting the account number incorrectly.  ", 
"That's what scares me with this threat.", " ", "I'm pretty much a poster child for HomeAway subscribers. I used all your tools, enabled all your features, and overnight (on Feb. 18), you rendered my business unsustainable.", 
"It's called \"Brining you more travelers\"!!", " ", "", "1 HA traveler called me directly and booked direct. Specifically asked how to book sans the fee.  ", 
"idiots.", "I have said many times on various threads, HA tries to fit all listings into the same peg. And the peg has gotten smaller and tighter.", 
" ", "I agree, I believe official request has to be done in mailing via USPS. Not sure ithat is what OP did?", 
" ", "Think of the airlines - one airline controls millions of ticket sales.  That one airline can decide to cut Expedia out of the commission entirely - and they have!  Now Expedia is left with nothing on an air ticket sale.", 
"http://www.socialmediatoday.com/social-networks/3-simple-ways-generate-traffic-pinterest", 
"As I said, I don't know much about the site but it has been mentioned for quite a while on either this forum or maybe one of the others. ", 
"I honestly don't care which is worst.  They're all bad and they all lead me to the same conclusion -- time to leave HA. ", 
" ", "Unfortunately from what I have seen, the state DOR rules and also state tax laws in force explicitly are written in such a way that the property owner is ultimately responsible to pay any sales tax associated with a rental of said property.  Sure HA has an option of paying it.  But so far, I have not seen a remittance copy provided to any HA VR owners proving that HA paid the sales tax on the new fee.", 
"Private owner in Austin, TX (what happens is not his/her fault bu VERBO's)", 
" ", " ", "Ugh. I did misread your post.  Sounded so much like something HA would pull that my brain automatically went to it being HA.  VHR, huh?", 
"My dog will only write checks . . . .", "So Tom - If a guest does arrive at a home that is a mess because the housekeepers were in a horrible car wreck on the way to the property earlier in the day, WHAT would be done for these folks?  I understand the words, but I am not understanding the process.", 
"What ARE \"the rules\"? Is there some place that they are written down for us to see? So that we can make a decision of whether we want to follow them or else move on?", 
"PayPal's processing fee for transactions outside the U.S. is 3.9%+$.30, and 2.9%+$.30 if within.", 
"This is an interesting consideration of the \"whose family\" vacation.", 
"I think your #1 answer is the correct one.", "Most bath remodel stuff is not that noisy, for example laying tiles, wiring, etc.", 
" ", "Easy for the guy to remember, and he can cover two events for the price of one. Sounds like the foresight and good planning one might expect from a navy seal.", 
" ", " ", "In the mean time, I had postulated that upcoming changes might involve HomeAway / VRBO modifying their T&C's to include exclusivity of listing, meaning if you agreed to list on this website, you give up your right to list on any other website, including your own. Imagine my surprise when I was reviewing the new T&C's yesterday, when suddenly tucked away waaaay down at the bottom, the last item pertaining to PPB listings does indeed include an exclusivity clause. Sharples and Shepherd used to spend their venture capital buying up other competing websites. Well.....no longer! They can control that by being the biggest game in town, and then telling those who want to be listed here that they cannot list on any other websites or run the risk of having your listing pulled. They will shut down the other websites by default.", 
" ", "I Was referring to people resisting BIN and payment processing.... i was an \"early adopter\" and jumped on those features as soon as they came out. And love that functionality of the site. But it should be a choice, not a mandate. It makes me happy to have that ability, but others are understandably very upset with being forced to use them. It should be a choice, use it if you want to, don't use it if you don't want to.", 
" ", " ", "Social media is already spreading the word and this by main stream media is only the beginning of the attention this \"service fee\" will bring.", 
"", " ", " ", " ", "ANybody who who wants a cashiers check, unless it's at the closing of a house or at the point of sale for a major purchase is definitely scamming somebody.", 
"i suppose I could use it with more notice than I have used it for.... I.e. I have used it to try and fill blocks of time six or eight weeks out that were not utilized, extending the time frame could work but I wont likely use it again, it's pretty pricey if you don't get any ROI ", 
"FYI, I got the link to work by removing the http at the end.  That said, after reading the article I have the following comment…", 
" ", "All of these tools at our disposal are terrific. And HA should absolutely provide paying subscribers with more than what they are providing now If they want to stay relevant. But when they charge you to be on their subscriber list, they relinquish the right to dictate. Especially when contracts are in place that govern the relationship in a differing manner.", 
" ", "", "Retrieving data ...", "EXACTLY!  Homeaway may be chasing us into its competitors' arms.  And, if our protests continue to be heard by sufficient numbers of owners, creating interest in alternate opportunities, it could lead to new marketing venues flourishing and providing owners with a new \"home\".  ", 
"I feel your pain.", "Folks it's nothing but a bunch of CRA* designed to get one man a ton of money through the service fee.", 
" ", " ", "On Expedia's comments, what does that tell us on our future? Are they going to start telling us we cannot have our own web site and book direct? What about listing on other sites, are they going to monitor and dictate pricing? ", 
"Be sarcastic", "But to actually think that there is a company out there that is so determined to give me back my $900 is truly astounding.  It boggles the mind. ", 
" ", "He didn't ask for it.  He asked if she'd mind sharing it. She can say yes.", 
"This &**%@! warning just showed up on my listing, too. Even if I were to accept every book it request, VRBO doesn't ever count them, so my decline rate shows up as 100%. VRBO can't correctly calculate the amount of tax due, so I have to revise every book it quote, and the revision for some reason means the booking is never counted. I have to do this in order to remain in compliance with county tax rules; it could mean big trouble for me if I don't. I am so angry. ", 
"\"The cabin is even more awesome than the photos online suggest.\"", 
"That's possible.    ", "I had the same person from Ukraine.They insist on check payment and wish your full name and address to send the check.Scam,Scam,Scam.", 
" ", "Definitely someone trying to hack my listing.  ", "These are folks who’ve used our industry for decades to find great Owner operated VRs . Many ventured into the AirBnB models, etc. when they surfaced, thinking maybe they’d give it a try & were less than impressed so returned to VRBO and are pretty disgusted to see the new pricing structures.", 
"For three years I've booked 98% of all weekends annually, with 98% full week bookings during summer. I would have paid attention if I received this email .. which I didn't. Having heard the same from other hosts, I sometimes pessimistically believe only hosts with a particular subscription level received this information email. I definitely never got it.", 
" ", "Several Questions for Brian Sharples, Tom Hale and anyone else in a position to effect policy making decisions at HomeAway", 
"I expect Homeaway knows all of our \"secrets\" . . . . mine anyway.  ", 
" ", "annual mortgage                         $0", 
" ", "Everyone starts back out near minimum wage.", " ", " ", 
" ", "- the notion that Airbnb is just for couches, guest rooms and millennials is incorrect; if that's what you think, I would encourage you to spend twenty minutes perusing their site;", 
"“I think this year you’re going to see both,” Okerstrom said. “It’s not going to be an either/or in terms of hunker down or look for acquisitions. We are going to be very focused internally on getting HomeAway to deliver on that $350 million 2018 adjusted EBITDA number” and most of the Orbitz and sister brand CheapTickets traffic has already been pushed onto the Expedia technology platform.", 
"<endsnip from castei12>", " ", "\"I am\" replies the balloonist, \"But how'd you know?\"", 
" ", " ", " ", "Take your speculations about my pricing and place them wherever you chose. I don't have a condo- and it's not technically a house so let's not speculate. How about your deal with your own property and not place your conjecture on the market. ", 
" ", " ", "I own my vacation home and renting it out requires a lot of work on my part. It consumes lots of my time. I am proactive, conscientious, responsive, responsible and provide an outstanding product to my guests. That is what has determined, and will always determine, my success in renting my home out, it's not a hotel room, it's a vacation home.", 
"Of course I do. Of course it explains that deposit is refundable. That is not the point of my post. The point is that when HA tries to add-on ONE MORE fee on top of what I must charge to keep the place going, and the tax required by law, it will push a lot of people out of being able to afford it.", 
"In lieu of the work you have put in dealing with this issue, I will eat the cost of the fee, don't worry about the check.", 
"I give lots of credit to those that are willing to work with more complicated bookings,but that just isn't something that I am able to do 1000 miles away. ", 
" ", "Yeah…but if they were to dump all previous reviews, they would be at a great disadvantage with AirBnB. Travelers would flock to AirBnB until reviews appeared again on HA/VRBO.  It would be a very bad move IMHO.  ", 
"tom ", "", " ", "Instead, I have waited HOURS on hold with VRBO getting the documents yapstone asked for and collecting screenshots of texts and emails and writing a narrative. ", 
"HELP! Is there are computer expert that can explain this? And I thought Best Match was horrible.", 
" ", "USA Today article on the fees", "The federal tax man, the state and local tax man, the bank, the utilities and the insurance company all have their hand in my pocket. Wear and tear on rentals is quicker, we suffer from more needed repairs, guest expect more amenities.", 
"You might call CS.  I hope VR is wrong, but it's definitely a possibility. ", 
"You are correct.  Carol indicated she sent an email.  I've seen no one indicate they complied with the terms for contacting legal about the issue.", 
"On your listing, are you sure you haven't activated HA payments -- even if you only accept alternate payments?  Many owners were duped into activating HA payments when HA offered alternate payment methods last fall. ", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", "They did for me, all I know is that I listed more than 6 months ago, I don't know how long its been around or how long they worked on it. ", 
"I have to agree with carol that it is the lack of inquires/bookings. The BM and Fee is causing us to not get bookings when we would have otherwise. If we were still making money or getting our value from our subscriptions we probably wouldn't be so upset. We'd be upset but we might accept that they know what they are doing.", 
"Its the same as a CC fee in all the points that you noted, and obviously a CC fee is sales taxable.", 
" ", " ", "\"Sharing\" appears to  make people feel warm and fuzzy about renting a room or part of a home . . . .", 
"Reliance on third party review of guests, I wish to do my own pre-booking screening.  ", 
" ", "Thax, you're hilarious.  ", " ", " ", "MIke, where did you see that notification? Is it on the web or did you get an email?", 
" ", "I Have quite happily subscribed to Platimum membership since its inception. I am not convinced that it has value anymore. ", 
" ", "It's up to you guys, Tom. Further explanation will not help. Only actual change and being up front and honest will.", 
"He will also bring his service dog for PTSD", "In as much as I have to have a State of Hawaii taxpayer identification number and pay taxes to the state of Hawaii for conducting business, I would like you to show me that you also have a taxpayer identification number and are not leaving the likelihood out there that my fellow rental owners and myself are responsible for these revenues being generated without the payment of the tax.", 
"I will not be a caged animal with a carrott controlled by HA dangling over my cage.", 
" ", "Do also be aware that HomeAway had a drop last year in renewals.   as far as I can tell, the consequences of these changes have been mostly negative.", 
" ", "Our legal team will only respond to attorneys who are pursuing litigation against HomeAway. They do not interact with owners, which is why you are getting another response from Customer Support. Our site terms and conditions have changed, and any previous version is no longer in effect. There is no way to go back to a previous version, and the service fee will not be removed from any listing on our site. ", 
"tom", "Yes, here's hoping the \"print\" media will give homeaway's \"improvements\" and \"benefits\" a thorough review.  There are many original vrbo travelers, who are of an age to not be active on social media, and they need to be alerted to the imposition of the traveler fee. ", 
"", "However the larger point to me would be the question of what would motivate HA to throw another harpoon at their suppliers?", 
"Notice it has not changed.  ", "Canceling does not \"ding\" me in business.  People cancel orders, appointments, etc. all the time.  We are not talking about canceling at the last minute here.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", "(7) VR can move their rentals to the VRBO site and pay regular subscription prices unlike the bulk pricing in place now.", 
" ", "I think that the real problem exists with the ongoing subscriptions at various levels.  I think the commission based system would have been more palatable if subscriptions were not part of the equation.  Whenever HA decided to go to this new system, they should have started to pro-rate subscriptions so that there was a clean break between one system and the other.  Mixing subscriptions and fees (both traveler fees and host fees) simply does not work.  When renewals come up, owners should be forced to go with the commission based system.  The subscription model should be phased out for HA.  Perhaps pro-rated refunds for subscriptions should be given so that a clean break can occur on a given date.", 
"", "EDIT....", "Thanks for so eloquently making your point. We all share your sentiments, but you may have stated it best.", 
"But remember platinum gets 400% more bookings than classic.", 
"In business you can't just take. You have to offer something for the money you are collecting. Empty promise at the expense of the property owner.", 
"Why would HA's shoppers be any different?", "I never thought it would come to that - Ive been an HA supporter for several years.  But now I realize HA has no choice.", 
"Yes, I can now totally see this happening. And then there will be no inventory on HomeAway. I think Expedia needs a new CEO. ", 
"Be irreverent", " ", "bobbie, ", "I don't care if he asked or not.  She can share or not.  ", 
"Just so you know…I do not believe that this has hurt my listing.  Maybe…I won't know for sure.  Like I previously said the notion of \"what I can't have, I want\" comes into play.  I am still getting inquiries. So far, the inquries I have gotten have not turned into bookings because of the fit not being right.  But I don't think the alert has hurt.  ", 
" ", "I laughed and gave a like because I misread your post. I thought you meant they were moved down after they finally paid for a subscription listing. I'm far too cynical.", 
"This is what I received today:", "I simply emailed back and said we must speak with them before any further reservation process can be made. Then I hear nothing. Between craigslist scams on our property and now this, I can't believe how many people want a piece of our action! Beware and never cash a check and send the money. The bank will hold you accountable to pay the money back!", 
"The count run has stopped, but the inquiry is not in my inbox, and when I click on \"respond\" or \"view in dashboard, it takes me to HomeAway's front page, not my dashboard.", 
"Every single one of them is looking for (and finding) other sources to find places How? Well, for starters  using search engines (Google types), local tourist websites, etc. ", 
"It was bulk delivered, so likely went to your spam box, many of which auto empty. ", 
" The correct course here, if Home Away and VRBO insist on continuing this ill-conceived practice, is to clearly present it in all instances as a \"VRBO Service Fee,\" and include a hyper-link (underline it to make it clear there is a link providing more information) to the \"Book With Confidence Guarantee\" page.", 
" Do you provide a service? What exactly is that service?", ". ", 
"The up-side is that I haven't had pesky VRBO inaccurate and misleading quotes to explain because my ratio of VRBO inquiries to total inquiries is 2/49.", 
"community annual HOA dues       $0", "this clears up many questions I had.", 
" ", "But wait, there is good news for you. Once those listings receive bookings, we lose our opportunity to make money from them, so we will then move you up higher and then make money from your listing.", 
"what is different, however, is that the monetization of other sites who charge a fee primarily derives revenue from the person booking the trip and provides helpful guidance to the homeowner in return (insurance during the stay, free photography services, guest vetting system, etc.)", 
"if you are on here trying to help diffuse the situation, Mr, Secrets, you are only making it worse.", 
" ", " ", "", "Edit:  I don't want to barrage Brian with emails so I would ask to keep your emails on point, friendly and civil.", 
" ", " ", "Remember, the traveler is protected against the following:", 
"Clear to me [and in my primary, mid-West region, especially]: of late > is that there are lots of Owners still and, by VRBO/HA's premeditated design, 'in the dark' re: VRBO/HA's A) Newly-instituted 'fees,' and B) Changes forecast vis-a-vis the promised April Announcement.", 
" ", "Very few of the people posting have called Brian or Tom nasty names. Lots of us are unhappy with their posts on the forum but not at them. Allocating so much of a COOs time to posting on a community forum is not a good use of Tom's time, IMO. It's appreciated but I think he would be more valuable to HA without this responsibility.", 
"Shepard decided that he would have none of it - he retired mid-2015 before all the owner-traps were implemented.", 
" ", " ", "Sorry for the short comings in their system, hopefully the future will bring improvements.", 
" ", "He called them the following day and then sent me this response:", 
"I don't see anywhere that HA is threatening to remove our reviews.   This note refers ONLY to the new reviews owners will leave for travelers. ", 
" ", "", "Never did I see a dash in my inquiries column, until last Sept, and it was followed by four dashes for Oct., Nov., and Dec., then a mere 2 in Jan., another dash in Feb., and so far only 3 injuries for March...and this is the high booking season where I am.", 
"Im thinking to add this to my rental agreement:", "I do not know what is going on.  I have been experimenting with rates to find the sweet spot.  A week ago they were showing my highest rate as the average rate and then it changed to the lowest rate as the average rate and stayed that way until today.   So today, when I slightly altered my highest rate, they started showing my highest rate again as the average rate.  It is not an \"average rate\" at all.  I don't think they like people changing or experimenting with their rates, so are trying to figure out a way to discourage people from doing so - IMHO.", 
"So , there may be one or more things in play here. ", " ", 
" ", "The Inbox info was back by 5:00 p.m.", "My international (Caribbean) listing shows the fee, too ", 
" ", "IMO HA has to be careful allowing PM's to get too much power.  Its too easy for PM's that control a geo area to cut HA completely out of the commission - and they do!  They say so all over their VRBO listings.", 
"Does anyone have the number for Yapstone? ", "As far as I can tell so far, no one really verifies ownership.", 
"4", " ", " ", "When I click \"details of price\"", "We have a friend that had a ski rental in CO. He only used AB&B and loved it. When we talked about what H/A was doing he suggested I move to Air. I did. I really don't like it. Just one request in two months that did not lead to anything.  ", 
" ", "Completely agree. the problem in the US now is with these enormous, global companies.  Mom and pops are so much better.", 
"carol wrote:", "And, if those folks booked a 7-day stay, I see that if they are relocated to a different home for whatever reason, their stay will be 3 days, maximum. ", 
"What are Home Away's expectations of homeowners? ", " ", "http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/06/business/retirementspecial/3-generation-family-trips-gain-new-appeal-but-can-bare-old-…", 
" ", "The demo may be noisy, but a typical bathroom demo is done in a few hours unless they are moving walls, which is unlikely in a condo situation.", 
"EXTREMELY well put. Short and to the point. I'm anxiously awaiting Tom's response!!!!!!! ", 
"Ive had two inquiries since the fee and one of which was someone attempting to book under another family member's name because the first time they contacted me they wouldnt tell me how many people would be visiting. Come to find out its a freggin wedding party and they dont want to tell me number of guests and cars. No thanks!", 
" ", " ", "And, as for raising subscription fees, a \"little\" is naturally expected. But, in NO way would I EVER be coerced into coughing up another 9% of my gross income form my VR just for listing services. They're asking for too big of a bite from my piece of the pie. I'll find another alternative....and in fact, already have. Always have a backup plan folks. You never know when you may need it.", 
"They may have had a drop last year in renewals.  That goes right along with my problem----along with these changes, I too, have a significant drop in rentals.  I wonder if anyone can explain all of this?  Oh, that's right, I can explain all of this----we have a new company that is not listening to the experts--", 
"regarding the algorithm, I understand their issue with owners who are unresponsive because it makes the user experience \"less than\". But ultimately, that was solved when they put the scores for owner responsiveness and calendar update on the properties. I use vrbo as a traveler a time or two a year and one of the things I look for is good responsiveness from an owner. So a deterrent for me to inquire about a property would be one that shows that the owner is less than responsive and the calendar is not up to date. So I move on to listings where I know I can get a quick answer.", 
" ", "Except that the fraudster would not have had Bill pay through HA payments, so Bill would NOT have been covered by your guarantee. ", 
" ", "", " ", " ", " ", "THanks, VRBO, for making me look untrustworthy. Cashiers checks aren't even an option on your system. ", 
"hope this helps. ", "I think that the real problem exists with the ongoing subscriptions at various levels.  I think the commission based system would have been more palatable if subscriptions were not part of the equation.  Whenever HA decided to go to this new system, they should have started to pro-rate subscriptions so that there was a clean break between one system and the other.  Mixing subscriptions and fees (both traveler fees and host fees) simply does not work.  When renewals come up, owners should be forced to go with the commission based system.  The subscription model should be phased out for HA.  Perhaps pro-rated refunds for subscriptions should be given so that a clean break can occur on a given date.", 
" ", "Better would have been to present these wonderful tools to us in a friendly way that showed the direct benefit of using them. Lots of people don't seem to understand what they are beyond mandates.", 
" ", "", " ", "I share those sentiments and I'm right behind you  ", 
"If platinum is getting 400% more bookings than classic, the people with classic listings must be getting less than 0. I've been on VRBO since 2006 and it's never been this slow, not even when my listing was brand new and had no reviews.", 
"I Agree. You can charge a service fee, you can charge a subscription.... But in order to get people to pay either, you have to make them happy by convincing them there is value it it that meets the amount you are charging. if you don't, you won't get the business. From the property owner, or the renter.", 
"Renters have left the building!  ", "Excellent idea and long over due. ", 
"As an example, we are going to our Grandson in Laws graduation from Boot Camp at Fort Benning, I checked on line for rates for two nights. The difference between Expedia and calling direct came out to a difference of $28.00 a night. I think they are fighting a losing battle, the hotels, motels, and vacation rentals all can live without Expedia.", 
"Be stubborn", "I wish money was that easy for all of us!", " ", 
"Exactly, which is why he asked her if she'd mind sharing.  She can say, Yes, I mind sharing. ", 
" ", " ", "Yes, that's true. In addition to Katie stating this, I contacted CS because I was considering switching to PPB and only having availability off season when m rates are lowest and booking is the slowest. CS confirmed PPB listings would be placed belowall classic subscription listing/", 
" ", "Pete and April Sneathen", " ", "So my advice to all VR owners is to try take your marketing back. Get your own website up & going, research your own local options, etc. It can be done, if your business is important to you. ", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "AirBnB is only quoting the taxes on the state and not the country for me in FL. I need another 4% added to the total cost. To top it off, I can't get AirBNB to change my quote (too low) for the one week I opened in their calendar since this whole HA fee went into effect.", 
"prop taxes                                   $1500", 
" ", "The airlines claim in the press that they share their record massive profits with their employees, but fail to tell the real story that they have very few actual employees.  They dont share with the contracted or subsidiary employees.", 
" ", " ", "Yeah, that is basically what I am suggesting. People are petty and while a forum moderator might get offended and ban you from the forum, a C Suite Exec could ban you from the site.", 
"Again your statement is misleading and completely misses the point.", 
"----", "Here's the answers, with public sources cited", "Thanks, I think they can see feedback by reading the forums. ", 
"\"Well\",  says the man, \"you don’t know where you are, or where you’re going.", 
"A whim away..........A whim away..........A whim away..........A whim away..........", 
"Listing fraud", " ", "My system works for me- how about your work on your own business and stop placing misinformed opinions on the \"market\" ???  If you are concerned about the future of the VR business take the time to focus on your own business. Set yourself up for success. ", 
" ", " ", "Nobody knows the dynamics, price and otherwise, of renting my property like I do. Nobody. I don't care what metadata these companies have, I am the one who knows how to put \"heads in beds\" in my vacation home. Period. ", 
" Jan is low season for us, so there isn't much room for increase, when I have a few thousand competing properties in the market area.  ", 
" ", "I have since removed the e-check option, I originally thought that I was not charged the $25.00 fee, only to find that in fact that I was charged. . I sent a note the to guest requesting the $25.00. She was very \"ugly\" in an e-mail response, but said she was sending. I am not holding my breath. I think that VRBO/HA should be charging that back to the guest...(I am sure she had $25.00) but instead they charge it to us, the owner. ", 
" ", "They will be changing the system an the reviews will be both ways. Even if they don't delete old reviews, you won't be able to get new reviews unless you are OLB enabled. What is OLB? ", 
"", ".", " ", " ", "The problem is if it shows your high season average, your price is too high for someone searching based on price. But if it shows your low season average, someone looking during high season thinks you are trying to bate and switch. You are right, it by no means is an average of anything. Sometimes it chooses nightly rates and other times it takes the average of a weekly rate. My nightly rate is extremely high compared to my weekly rate divided by 6 or 7. The purpose for me doing this is because if someone wants to rent for 9 days, I charge a high nightly rate for the additional 2 days.", 
"1. HA BM algorithm is not showing my property to the site visitors (remember, according to bell shaped curve travelers book 60 days out). Since the other sites do not have that stupid algorithm, I had my property seen and booked by travelers for LATER than 60 days window (late summer, early fall).", 
"http://www.usatoday.com/story/travel/nation-now/2016/03/14/vacation-condo-service-fees/81775496/", 
"There's almost nothing left.", " ", "Thanks for sharing Carol. ", 
"To test this, use a filter for HA payments and see if your property shows up.  Or look on your listing to see if you see anything like the listing below, which has HA payments and not BIN.  Note the credit cards show under the Pay With Confidence message, and the homeaway blue birdhouse, which indicates HA payments.   ", 
" ", "Interesting that the letter we all received from Yapstone in the fall of 2015 about the security breach, noted a number that Yapstone had set up to address questions regarding the breach.  That number is (877) 238-3816.  But there is no number in the letterhead or under the signature.  ", 
"No one home..the site is up and running and hoping for listings. No back end support to screen. A site that handles rentals has to verify. Would you list your property on site that allows anyone to post? If so CL is perfect.", 
"#3. The HomeAway Service Fee™.", " ", " 1) Guest pays Target for the privilege of buying a float to use in my property's pool - Target pays sales tax", 
" ", "I don't like anything about AB&B. Went with the free trial on VRH and in one month received 10 e-mails. That is 50% more than my best day on VRBO. ", 
"I do have my off season weeks listed on airbnb.  These weeks do not involve the same transportation arrangevents as my premium summer weeks nor do they book a year out.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "I'm in Canada and probably half my guests are from the US. For big bookings I have been getting them to use Bitgold as there are no currency transaction fees and only 1% for withdrawal to my bank account. I can also spend it directly from the Bitgold account with a debit card which keeps the entire transaction outside the banking system.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "WHat hat would be helpful is if HA gave a presentation to the owners justifying the tiers and the new changes and familiarizing us with their new business model. ", 
"Obviously, you've never worked with contractors in lower, slower DE.", 
"I not-so-anxiously expect a shut-down.", " ", "some other thoughts...", 
"I will use HA and any other option available to me to continue to manage my business according to my needs.", 
"Are", "and who are the experts.  We are the experts!", " ", 
"If you need further assistance, please feel free to contact us again through our Help page at the link below. This resource also provides commonly asked questions and answers.", 
"Even granting that one could be protected by a system one hasn't actually purchase, what, pray tell, would the guarantee actually DO and to/from WHOM?", 
"A surprise fee is never a good idea.  And, I'm intrigued by homeaway's belief that such a fee will improve the booking experience for the traveler - so much of the verbiage put forth about the \"benefits\" further confuses already vague justifications.     ", 
"CHANGED (from 2/25/2015 version on the Internet Archive)", "I mean we all understand their rationale with the service fee: its a basic money grab that a child could understand.", 
"This company does not care even about being ethical.  It's just so sickening.", 
"These companies are trying to eliminate all risk.  That is impossible. It's a situation where the cost for going for the ideal is higher than the costs in that ideal.  There will always be fraud, scams, bad guests, bad owners. These companies cannot stop that.  In fact, the only people they're hurting are the good owners and travelers.  How many horror stories have we heard about ABB homes being destroyed?  Plenty. ", 
" ", "Two top executives at WWP were recently fired because of a scandal  involving \"lavish parties\".", 
" ", " ", " ", "People like to know what they are buying.  Right now the term \"Best Match\" makes no sense since it cannot be explained.  It is a mix of a subscription and fee based system and IMHO simply does not work.  ", 
"", "https://www.facebook.com/groups/1561970497463326/", "Remember:", 
"Ever since the Service Fee my inquiries are done to ZERO, forget bookings I can't even get an inquiry!!", 
" ", " ", " ", "They are aggressively working to avoid doing business with Expedia. And the reason they are doing that is because they aren't being treated appropriately. expedia is notorious for playing hardball when negotiating.... I remember this very well when i did some consulting for Worldspan, which is now Travelport, many years ago. ", 
"Be ethical", " ", "Maybe it would make a difference if you wrote names instead of blocked.", 
" ", "I might also say that the calculation method does not work for me either.  The cleaning fee varies based on the number of people in the party and number of beds to be used and the dog fee is based on the number of nights.  We actually stopped allowing dogs in part because of their calculation method. But AirBnB is worse relative to the pets allowed issue.  So it was a no brainer for us to stop allowing pets.   ", 
" ", "I laughed because so many have drunk the kool-aid.", "HelloThanks for the updated information. We are okay with the accommodation .We would also like to confirm the reservation on the following information:Name : Mr & Mrs vanessa josh41-B, Krasnaya rocstock str.odessa56000,Ukraine", 
"vrbo #488639", "Definitely something fishy.  Calling HA now. ", 
"Good luck! ", " ", " What Home Away and VRBO may not fully appreciate is how vitally important it is for a property owner and a guest to establish a relationship of trust.  Surprising a guest with a service fee as it is currently presented leaves some guests with the opinion that the property owner is hitting the guest with a surprise fee. Sure, we can explain the fee, tell our guests it is a VRBO fee, and even reference them to the page that describes the value the guest receives, but we shouldn't have to do that.  I have lost three bookings during the last week from potential guests that were either confused of infuriated by the fee.", 
" ", " ", "I've got to give Tom some credit, to actually think we would all say \"I Love this new Service Fee\" and come on and defend it, that took some you know what!! ", 
"housekeeping                              $1000 - rest charged to the renter", 
"the service fee is here to stay, my friends, ", " ", "Kind regards and have a nice day,", 
"The stories I have seen in USA Today, etc have been focused on the paradigm shift HA is making and how they are, in essence, mirroring the Airbnb product. ", 
" ", " ", " ", "", "Thanks.  But, what good is any dialogue when there is no change?  There is this old saying, \"I was talking until I was blue in the face.\"  Well I am reading, writing, talking and listening until I am blue in the face and there is no change. ", 
"Any funny GPS Stories?  I email my guests very easy to follow directions to my waterfront home, from the airport, highway, etc.  Several of them have instead preferred to use their GPS to find our home.  I always wait to get off the phone from the \"lost\" renters to crack up.  One had gone 60 miles in the opposite direction, no where near any water, and ended up at a shopping mall 100+ miles away from our home.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "Owner identity compromised  and impersonated", 
"So, my questions/above are (still) intended to provoke clarity of the new parameters afoot > to re-phrase: 1) VRBO/HA: Why misguide* listers/subscribers on the cusp of renewal/and [Your] stated/pending announcement? into paid agreements, *absent Full Disclosure? and 2) VRBO/HA: Why not (When?) leverage your existing 'renewal' banners to Full Effect, i.e. details?", 
"You were the one who posted concepts that no one else is experiencing.", 
"The world is a different place than it was 17 years ago when vacationspot failed. Not sure how vacationspot worked because the internet was not in wide use. Were there  internet enabled mobile devices? I don't think comparisons are valid.", 
"Sharples continued on and snagged Dara of Expedia - selling Dara on the idea that HA could monetize the $15 billion of lodging rental that the company was facilitating by charging a 7% commission on top of the 3% subscription.  Sharples sold the idea by using the ABB high-commission model as the gold-standard.", 
" ", "I understand your frustration with my questions (I was just clarifying) and I agree that an additional fee will impact those with lower nightly rates.  In my 20+ years of renting my vacation homes I have found that I had more of what you are experiencing when my rates were lower, it attracts a different \"buyer\".   Although it might sound counter-intuitive, I have found that many renters equate value with price, the higher the price the higher the value they perceive.  My rates have almost doubled in the past 10 years although the # of other properties in the town have increased from only 5 homes when I originally listed to 200 homes.  The higher I raised my rates the fewer comments regarding additional fees, etc.  For what you are offering, a nightly price of only $164 ($16 per person for 10 guests), you are attracting bargain hunters.  I understand the competition impact, but even at $250/night ($25/person) it sounds like a great deal for what your home offers.  Can you tell me what the other similar homes that sleep 10 are charging?  It might be worth doing some price experimenting to see how it impacts your bookings before and after the HR fee kicks in.  And lastly, don't use HA payments in order to avoid the fee.", 
"How does this happen I wonder?  How did they deposit money in my account without first removing it from his account?  Lessons learned from this experience are", 
" ", "Rick,", "OLB=Online booking.   HA explains it can be with HA payments or other payments.  ", 
" ", "Hi there ScottR:", "All these \"improvements to bring us more travelers/bookings\" has given me five months with ZERO inquiries - four in a row - and a mere 5 inquiries in 2016 so far.", 
"You will be asked in person to provide a current Picture ID with Hologram and/or Driver’s License to match the name of the credit card used for your booking. We have zero tolerance for fraudulent credit card use. This property has video cameras outside the home. We will file charges and exercise the right to peruse this in court if credit card fraud was committed. Our guests are honest and wonderful, and we will do what is necessary to keep it this way. ", 
"I'm trying to tweak my rates to show a lower average, but not working for me.", 
"2. Travelers do come to the site, BUT they then find my listing elsewhere to actually book.", 
"Thank you for posting this link.", "Not expecting a response. I needed to vent and my husband was tiring of me venting to him.  I'm the one that manages the bookings.", 
"To answer the earlier questions, I clicked on the app and got a message the the old app was going to be taken down. I was asked to download the new app, which I did through the Apple app store. I'm pretty sure this wasn't a hack but rather an issue with the web site and app. Fingers crossed.", 
"I called HA customer Service to let them know that I wanted to discontinue the service fee until I renew in Oct. 2016. This is not allowed so unfortunately your information on this particular item was incorrect.", 
" ", "Airlines have already cut Expedia out of each sale, the larger hotel chains are going full throttle to do the same.  Expedia cant want the same with VRs.", 
" ", "Well don't list then, I don't think anyone here cares if you do or not. No point in going on and on about it cm if you have no interest.", 
" ", " ", " ", "", "Same here, but if Expedia is moving towards the hotel model, maybe all (including HA/VRBO renters) will move over to Airbnb.  I refuse to stay in a hotel if there is a house or apartment option available.", 
" ", "ETA:  I remember, years ago, trying to extricate myself from AOL.  You'd have thought I was trying to escape from a prison! (and I\"ve heard the same many times about trying to leave AOL).  It was so stressful and infuriating, I finally had to ask a friend to deal with them for me because it was making me literally sick.", 
"Right, and your dog will now have to cough up a credit card and pay HA a 10% service fee.", 
"AND if the guest has to be compensated either monetarily or by arranging their stay in another home, will HomeAway be following up with the original owner to recoup the funds?", 
"Right now, emotions are running high and rumors are rampant. I do believe that as partners, the homeowner subscriber base can reasonably expect to have some sort of transparency given to us regarding rules we are expected to follow and any inquiry/conversion metrics or targets that we are expected to meet. Also, what are the penalties for homeowners if rules aren't followed and targets aren't met?", 
" ", "Another test running my neighborhood's \"best match with no dates displayed\".  Of top 10 listed:", 
" ", " ", "Very well stated and I would not mind paying a higher price for a subscription WITH the protections in place. I also fully agree that we need to have much better communication from HA when they are going to roll out new changes, so that we have some knowledge of what is coming and therefore alleviate our stress levels. This is our livelihood and it seems like they have completely forgotten that aspect.", 
"SO, yea that was one quality inquiry right there! :-/", "Best Match does not work out well for your longest subscription customers, it sucks. There is not one single positive community forum comment about Best Match and it's consequences. HA Management has thrown it's customers under a bus.", 
"I\"m also not going to book a party of teens, or ambidextrous's cocaine dealer/felon, or anyone i don't want to have in my own home just so I can be rewarded with a higher placement!  What a choice:  Take Charles Manson as a guest, or be penalized and lose bookings due to your hidden listing!", 
" ", "Remember, those bankers and investment cheaterati made billions...while their customers lost their homes and life savings. ", 
"There isn't a need to mandate or punish people for their activity on this site. people are motivated to rent their house out as much as they are personally motivated. It's that simple.", 
" ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", "Old: Users cannot post a review or response for the purpose of blackmailing or extorting owners or travelers for money or other consideration. The reviews are for the benefit of future travelers, not to allow one party to threaten the other.", 
" ", "As a owner that has had to deal with the threat of extortion via review, these new guidelines are ludicrous!", 
" ", "EDited: yes, I was being sarcastic.... It's malarkey for them to call out owners as being potentially fraudulent. I happen to consider vacation rentals a major purchase that woulld be cashiers check worthy..... Vrbo trying to poison the well For owners and it's BS ", 
"Ugh...  I heard about that along with big $$ salaries.  Such a shame!  Thus my idea for going to my local Veteran's Administration for a recommendation on a local family.  ", 
"People like to know what they are buying.  Right now the term \"Best Match\" makes no sense since it cannot be explained.  It is a mix of a subscription and fee based system and IMHO simply does not work.  ", 
"GOING FORWARD...Unfortunately it is too late since the name VRBO has already been branded so going forward keep what I have in place above and have a new domain.  noservicefeevacationrentals.com also abbreviated nsfvr.com to have VRBO traffic redirected to that site. This would hopefully win back the trust of owners and travelers knowing there will never be a service fee as in the name. Separate marketing for the two. Market the no service fee brand name with the extra income from the owners. Market  VR with the guarantee service fees that travelers prefer to compete with AirBnb.", 
"Better would have been to allow people to operate under their existing contracts and then to present the new way of doing business with them and allow people to make the decision whether they wanted to continue to \"pay to play\" or go off in another direction.", 
"Ok, found it.  And, not surprisingly, it advises us to get with the program . . . . ", 
"BTW.....FOLKS....it is very likely that HA/VRBO may shut the whole Community down because they don't want private owners organizing against this new fee.  So, it would be wise for you to join this outside group NOW, because if this Community Forum is eliminated, you'll be out in the cold.", 
" ", " ", "Hahaha, good one!", "it has proven to HomeAway that it's a VERY DIFFICULT SELL to convince owners that they need to pay the subscription fee and implement a hefty servuce charge on to of rentals without providing ADDED VALUE, which doesn't mean empty promises and vague statements like \"trust us, it will be great.....\". It's like that snake in the Jungle Book.... Trusssssstttt meeeeeee. ", 
"The site traffic is down but that doesn't tell the whole story, which is our traditional clientele are leaving and the new clients that HA is bringing in with advertising do not understand the difference between a hotel and a VR.  So much for more quality bookings!", 
" ", " ", "BE INDEPENDENT", " ", "Thank you susan.  (and I'm thrilled to have proof of a working memory . . . ).  ", 
"He did not say, \"Give me your listing number\". ", "Retrieving data ...", 
"What ever gave you the idea to have the ceiling train? ", "Great advice and recommendations : I might add the algorithm determining listing placement is an allusive one. HA will share best practices and recommendations but they won't ever tell you the exact formula for placement only how you can achieve \"your\" specific \"best\" outcome.", 
"Also , due to the unsecured use of credit card or other online payment,we will arrange for payment inform of a check.Please do forward me the following details for payment", 
"There has to be something that HA/VRBO can do to stop these scam inquiries.  It wastes our time to even read them.  I hate the fact that when I hear a distinctive chime from my phone letting me know that an inquiry has come in, that I drop everything...only to find one of these scams!", 
"YYes, mine tripled the other day. ", "People are doing just that.  There are several Facebook pages and discussion groups.  There is also a new and growing community at Login Required | ShorttermrentalsIssu", 
"I have all of my mail accounts set up with keyword sorting and filing so I don't miss any business emails my system mistakes for spam.", 
" ", "  'My name is Ozymandias, king of kings:Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!'Nothing beside remains. Round the decayOf that colossal wreck, boundless and bareThe lone and level sands stretch far away.", 
"thaxterlane wrote:", "He's paid well to do it.", "annual repairs/maintenance          $5,000 - we do a lot of upgrades", 
" ", "Its an odd industry, and the only reason it works is that so many folks want the free travel benefits, so they line up for the low wage jobs.", 
" ", " ", "Elon Musk did just that only last month.. He cancelled the preorder on a Tesla for some guy who wrote a negative blog post about the delays they were experiencing.", 
"Sure ABB has many whole-houses listed.  But they receive VERY little action.  Most of the ABB activity is for 2 or 3 nights at $49 to $89 per night.  The vast majority of shoppers are penny-pinchers who dont want to spend $150/night on a hotel in urban areas.  For a $150 booking, ABB shoppers have no problem paying a $10 or $15 service fee.", 
"As Expedia integrates HomeAway, putting more of HomeAway’s vacation rentals onto Expedia and its other brands, and starts building up apartment rentals to better compete against Airbnb, there are a number of business model challenges coming to the fore.", 
"Time Frame: 2/16/16 - 2/25/16 (2/16 is when Homeaway.com launched service fee)     2/16/15 - 2/25/15", 
" ", " ", "So HomeAway / Tom Hale,", "Property is materially misrepresented", 
" ", " ", "I don't know Tom Hale's package promise when Expedia bought HA. Brian doesn't have to worry about if he is canned at the one year anniversary of the buyout. If her never worked another day in his life, he would be fine.", 
" ", "Thus far, using my own resources, I have conducted my own A/B testing to determine what feature photo draws the most people to view my page, which photo has the highest conversion rate, what rack rate optimizes my rentals, what criteria define the type of person I am willing to ALLOW to rent my personal home. I have very successfully conducted my own marketing and revenue management operations to rent my home for the past nine years (using VRBO) with tremendous success. ", 
"I have researched the market and I am in mid-lower tier. I would say I am priced about the middle of price range because my location is not very close to DT and my property does not have a mountain view, just wooded view. if I had mountain view I could easily charge $50 more a night or even more, such as my market. I have been gradually raising the rates but not too drastic out of fear to upset the \"apple cart\". You have 200 homes competition, I probably have 4000 or more in a  combined area of Gatlinburg, Pigeon Forge and Sevierville. That is not counting hotels/motels, resorts, time share complexes. But I will experiment some more and try to raise where I can. another venue to try is to raise daily rates but eliminate a separate line item of cleaning fee. Some of the places in the area do that, but they are in overall cheaper range than mine.", 
" ", "To my surprise the guest \"DID\" send me a check for the bounced fee. I am pleasantly surprised. Restored my faith in folks truly wanting to do the right thing. ", 
"I called them again on Thursday and it turns out the first submission was missing one number on the account.  This of course would never have happened if the account number had to be entered twice like every other electronic draft system.  I can say I’m completely disappointed with this whole process.  It’s not the money, it is the time I’ve had to invest on the phone dealing with something that could have been avoided.  ", 
" ", "", " ", " ", " ", " ", "Overall, despite HA's gargantuan (or so they say) ad budget, fewer traveler are coming to the site AND/OR buying via the site. ", 
" ", "same here. My husband is kind of shielded form all of this. Until now he didn't even know that our properties are listed on 5 sites...", 
" ", " ", "", "And they probably do already. PMs in my market have their own websites, and they also (at least some) have big social media presence. My former PM, for instance, to my knowledge only had SOME properties  on VRBO. They had most of their own (yes they own some properties  and built some more) listed on VRBO, but only a few clients' properties (not even sure maybe individual owners paid for that themselves for more exposure). So I am sure a PM like that will not easily fold into HA.  PMs also list on Flipkey. It appears there they pay for listing only, in bulk.", 
"Anyway, you might try that number and let us know if it works.", 
"Heres one for 100.00 the same as HE. ", "It's the only reason the other the other things you listed exists.", 
"Your definition of \"mandatory\" is not in line with tax law.", 
"If you can find something that shows I am liable to pay sales tax for things others, like Target and HomeAway, are charging my guests, please post!", 
" ", "This has been a cynical business practice that has been going on for a few decades now, where huge companies don't actually compete with each other but become exactly like each other so there is no competition - in the usual sense; no downward pressure on prices, no pressure to have good customer service, etc.  I think the telecommunications companies are good examples.  It's what I would call a \"legal form of collusion\". It also allows these companies to turn the tables and control their customers and not have to listen to them.", 
"I would use Airbnb for these weeks because I am willing to compromise, when it's a true compromise, not a surrender . . . .   ", 
"exactly! We had the same problem trying to stop AOL because the subscriber DIED!!! That wasn't a good enough excuse for them.", 
"Id he's a \"service dog\",  per ADA he is exempt from service fee.", 
" ", "", "They have not yet got a send invoice feature but it should be rolling out in the next month or so.", 
" ", "Right now, we are left to these pages, freaking out about things that we aren't even sure of, some is rumor, some is true. ", 
"The guest and I made a deal. I will refund $25. per day for every day there is more than 2 hours of construction noise.", 
"I would actually like to pay a significantly lower subscription or FREE (like others that charge a booking fee) and keep the fee.", 
" ", " ", " ", "You", "I'm at 95% of LY's total as of today (on a large base) so I haven't suffered but I am feeling the same lack of contacts/inquiries as everyone else, and I have a spare summer week free, which rarely happens.  Totally agree that things have changed a lot since the fee.  One has the feeling that the programs running this stuff are changing every day via experimentation and A/B testing as they would say.", 
" ", "http://help.homeaway.com.", "kdhbreeze wrote:", "Today my BIN button just came back on buy itself, wonder why", 
"New: Users cannot post a review or response for the direct purpose of forcing the other party to pay or return funds as that is not beneficial to the community as a whole.", 
"And placing PPB above platinum is easy too: a child would understand HA's motivation with that also (20% commission is better than 10%).", 
" ", "(and please don't mention the guarantee to cover it.  For one thing, I suspect they only come through in extreme cases; I don't want my home destroyed in the first place; that is what we have homeowners insurance for, etc.  It's a bunch of malarkey and clever rhetoric).", 
"I have a repeat guest that works at credit union, always pays me with bank (cashiers) check. No problem.", 
"In addition, I understand that WWP doesn't actually directly run any programs to help WWs.", 
"Ok, found it.  And, not surprisingly, it advises us to get with the program . . . . ", 
" ", " ", "Best Match is an algorithm that determines which online-bookable listing is mostly likely to say YES to a reservation request, thereby guaranteeing HA their service fee. That's all it is, nothing more.", 
" ", " ", "DO NOT FEED THE MONSTER (HA-VRBO)", "hi lalinda,", 
" ", "You are staying on like most of us, because you think, you hope, you pray and you believe that things will change.", 
" ", "Years ago, when technology was different, they had muscle because they could provide volume and the ability to bundle. ", 
"Just like Donald Trumph??", "When you go to renew, it will be obvious where to downgrade.   I dont see the option now, as I recently renewed.  But its there and is very easy to locate.", 
" ", "Oh please!!  Stalking? How bizarre.  Vrrent knows a lot about renting and has been a member of this community for over 5 years.  He has been very helpful to me and to other members of this community in renting especially in photography.  ", 
"Seems sort of vindictive to me.  First I've been as critical as anyone else recently on the new service fees and Best Match.  Then, coincidentally,  I got an email stating, \"During a routine review of your listing, blah, blah, blah\" and they take down our video link that has been at the bottom of our subscription since we've been members.", 
" ", " ", "FULL NAMEBILLING ADDRESSCONTACT TELEPHONE NUMBEREMAIL ADDRESSHope to hear from you soonBest Regardsvanessa", 
"Just got an email from the Ukraine to rent my place----They work hard to try to confuse.", 
" ", "Already done.  Just keep letting people know how to book. Facebook has a \"just say no to VRBO\" travelers are reading the post on that. ", 
"I'm a retired CEO from the tech industry, and have been using email since the late 1980s, and I pay such close attention to detail that many of my guests laughingly ask if I'm OCD. My junk folder does not automatically empty under any conditions, and I always carefully review all emails in junk before manually emptying the folder.  With these points in mind, I can assure you that  I didn't receive the email or any notice of the service fee.  I'm sure some owners did receive the notice, but I'm equally confident many did not.", 
" If VRBO is proud of the value proposition as they seem to claim, they should do the honorable thing and provide clarity about the fee being from Home Away / VRBO, and the value the guest will receive.", 
" Percy Bysshe Shelley", " ", "Retrieving data ...", "insurance                                    $2,500", 
"as HA evolves their business model to mirror and compete with Airbnb, we must also look into the future to recalibrate our vacation homes that we own and operate as small businesses if we are relying solely on HA to list our properties.  The paradigm is shifting pretty drastically. ", 
"So sorry to hear your situation - it is probably similar to many of us.", 
"Customer support", "Tat shouldn't be a turnoff to your guests but it probably would be to people who pay to list on HA. ", 
" ", " ", "HomeAway for the first time has begun charging travelers a booking fee, bringing it roughly on par with Airbnb and TripAdvisor, while Booking.com has stuck to avoiding charging a fee.", 
"Number of total listings 1,222,374                                                                                    Number of total listings_____1,086,000*_________________   ", 
"I am waiting until J, J, A.  This is my busiest time of the year.  So far I have had zero inquires for this time period.  I admit that now is a slower time for me, but I will wait and see what happens in April and May.   ", 
"Here are more GPS related stories", " ", "Unable to gain access to the property", 
"Side-bar: Fully 15% of listers in my primary area seem to have intended to rent only for the duration of a sporting event, long-since past.  Many, with entirely 'blocked' and/or with calendars not 'updated' in recent memory, frequently appear as \"featured\" listings.  Guessing that they'll be 'auto-renewed,' and whether or not they've dis-engaged that 'feature.'", 
"I was simply asking for clarification.  You dont want to provide any.  Fine.", 
" ", "What Expedia's SLT (Strategic Leadership Team) failed to realize is that ABB's average booking is probably around $120 for two nights, and milleniums have no problem paying a commission 10% of that, or $12.", 
" ", "A couple of years ago 2 local PMs flooded my area with a ton of listings on HA/VRBO. The initial price looks low but once all the fees are added on the price is higher than most of the owners in the area. Many of the other owners in my area dropped their prices to compete with the PMs. I raised mine to be just below theirs when their fees are added on. I knew it was a gamble but I took a chance. I have not had any trouble booking at the higher rate and I agree with others that the higher rate seems t discourage bargain shoppers. I rarely have anyone ask me for a discount anymore. Is it possible that if you raise your rates a bit you would attract guests who are not bargain shopping? I don't know your area but I thought this may be something you can consider.", 
" ", " ", "I’m putting a check in the mail today for the $25, because I will not use their system again.", 
"Where do you see anything written about restricting traveler reviews of properties?  I see nothing stated about them.   ", 
"All I know is before Best Match and the service fees, I loved HA/VRBO.   Now I really hate you guys.", 
"You are a poster child for HomeAway subscribers: your listing quality is awesome. Your responsiveness, usage of online booking, and calendars are perfect. ", 
"VRBO is history for me.  I am not going to be part of this property grab by HomeAway;  they are not going to grab my property/business.", 
"Too much?? I think hotels do it the same way. ", " ", "Interesting observation.   BM does have the effect of suppressing inquiries that are further out.  If you only list with HA, that isn't an issue as eventually your property will come into focus.  If you list with other sites, then you will book the dates that are further out, and when the in-focus dates do come, you will already be booked. HomeAway loses.  Breaks my heart.", 
"Could you start a new discussion and title it to refer to the USA Today article?  I think it will draw more attention from members if posted in a new thread.", 
"Double same here (re U0999).  My husband is not involved in the marketing of our home.  His departments are repair and maintenance, ex. we're installing a new kitchen sink and upgrading our bathroom fixtures.  He has very low tolerance for the drama and games in which homeaway is engaging.  I'm beginning to lose it, too.  Homeaway needs to come up with answers to the whirl of questions and concerns about the new restrictions and fees.  We're waiting . . . . ", 
"Cheers", "Thank you for all the other info.", "Hi.  I'm not clear... Yes I have credit cards enabled.  It's the only way I accept payment.  ", 
"So while it may be difficult for Expedia to control United, I am sure they will try to control (or incentivize, then  keep in the fold) smaller and medium sized PMs. It is just a low hanging fruit, if you will. Easier than \"herding cats\" individual owners.  ", 
"try this…", " ", "All of the above. But I would say MY biggest peeve is #5 that is not listed - By the means of the fee and various punitive policies, and tactics (including BM), HA is trying to take control and dictate to us   how we run our VRs, including aspects like guest interaction, pricing, payment methods, booking acceptance to name a few.", 
" ", " ", "Notice price for \"7 nights\" followed by \"service fee\" followed by \"tax\" with payment total? We on this forum know the service fee % is 5.5% ($2,499~$9.072.72) but a traveler would assume the tax is on the \"total\" (at least I would)", 
" ", " ", "Did I miss it? what changed in their terms? ", "TThat's my issue. On principle. ", 
"--------------------------------------------", "I would like for somebody (from HAXpedia) to clarify for me exactly what their expectations are of me. If Tom Hale or Brian Sharples could find the time to formulate some sort of communication that addresses this to the homeowners group, I think it would clear lots of things up.", 
" ", "- All but one are managed by property managers", " ", 
" ", "there is PPB for that, isn't there? also ABB and FK commission offer that model. ", 
"And, also a lady who not only wouldn't pay the service fee, she also wanted me to not charge taxes even after I offered her $40 off per night for her party of 9 (my max is 10 and I rarely accept groups larger than 8). I was basically acting desperate to get her in.", 
"Having tom hale close out discussions about the service fee does not erase the outpouring of protest against the service fee. It just shows how unresponsive HA has become to property owners.", 
"I'm so sick and tired of HA's punitive/coercive culture.  When was the last time Brian Sharples let someone he didn't like or was scare of or otherwise didn't want in his own home into his own home...and then left them there for a week?", 
" ", "I think the most intersting thing is that a window of opportunity has been created for HA's potential competitors.   Before recent changes I couldn't be bothered looking at the other sites, because I was happy where I was...   I have a second cottage, that I may list for rent in 2017 which before recent changes was without a doubt going to be on VRBO.    Now, I am looking elsewhere for 2017 as I have a fair # of bookings for 2016 that I got before the fee went into effect.  I figure I will need to make up my mind before October where my listings will go.  I think between now and then we are going to see some competetion over owner listings, so I think what I will decide in the fall might be different than I would decide today....", 
"now, HA has inserted themselves into that aspect of an owners control of his or her property booking. And it's none of their bleeping business.", 
" ", " ", "Maybe it was lonely and missed you? ", "", " ", 
"Apparently, we will have to sue for defamation or libel in a small claims court and receive a judgement before a review can be removed? It would be easier to just take down our site.", 
" ", "I'm not clear on acbrown's point (sarcasm?). . . but I require a bank check when a reservation is transacted within one month of start of stay.  ", 
" ", "Best Match is an algorithm that determines which online-bookable listing is mostly likely to say YES to a reservation request, thereby guaranteeing HA their service fee. That's all it is, nothing more.", 
"To me this would be a win-win especially for Brian. Selling your company for millions good! Winning back all your loyal customers great! A clear conscious priceless!", 
"sadly, people will suffer from these knee **** implementations, people will lose their homes, the reputation of VRBO has been damaged and a good percentage of inventory will defect, which in the end hurts the people who choose to stay. At $2000 a year, I'm not sure that is a risk I am willing to take.", 
" ", "Message was edited by: Joan L    UPDATED", "We've started a closed FB group to discuss solutions to this awful fee that is being forced upon our Guests, which will likely hurt our businesses.", 
"Everyone..", " ", "It doesn't seem to be working, the way it was implemented destroyed the trust. ", 
" ", " ", " ", "wouldn't know....I am a yellowdog Democrate..........", 
"Call customer support.  Don't poke around the website, you're liable to click on something and vanish  . . . .", 
"I have tried to follow the discussion of the trials and tribulations of operating with homeaway's online booking and payment features, even those I do not use.", 
" ", " ", "When we first bought the dump (it was vacant for 10 years if one doesnt include the mice and raccoons), I saw the I-beams in the basement.", 
"So have you checked out the FAQ's and Webinars provided and conducted by the product team members who are responsible for \"Listing Quality\" ? It's very informative and you might be able to determine what component is either lacking or missing from your listing. Definitely worth investing time in - Hope this helps.", 
" ", "But fail, of course.", " ", "Welcome back, Deb!  Great to hear from you.", 
"I think that was in Dec. ", "H/A promised they would fix that so it shows \"H/A VRBO service fee\"  from the start.  So much for their word. ", 
"", "If Homeaway is not allowing new members into the forum, all the more reason to keep posting here.  And, controlling membership could be the first step toward silencing the forum.", 
"My assumption is that Homeaway/VRBO management may believe property owners having been getting rich (from their property) and not paying HA their fair share.", 
"HA/VRBO/VHR/other                 $1,500", " ", 
" ", "I Had an interesting phone call with CS today about the renewal of my listing which is due in a month. I asked what benefit there would be to remaining a  Platunim member and the nice young lady did her best to make magic but there isn't really a benefit since ONLY best match will ", 
"I disagree, and my inbox proves that SOME accept it but not the majority. Proof - 0 bookings via VRBO, 4-5 during the same time via site that does NOT charge the fee. AND, a call from HA traveler specifically asking how to avoid fee (not provoked by me).", 
"It wouldn't even be petty. People are campaigning to pursuede others to go to VR.com, going off forum with complaints, going to the press, trying to organize lawyers etc.. Mob mentality stuff and no one is giving thought to the impact on their own bottom lines. Not yet anyway.", 
"Otoh, HA is hitting travelers with a $200 to $500 service fee.  Thats alot different than ABB's typical $10 or $20 fee, which is the price of a drink or two for these young people with no families.", 
"At the same time, Booking.com is insisting on instantly confirmable bookings for vacation rentals as it tries to keep the process similar to booking a hotel online, while HomeAway continues to give vacation rental owners and managers a 24-hour window to vet guests before confirming their bookings.", 
"Number of total bookable listings 756614                                                                        Number of total bookable listings___465,000*___________", 
"There is no dialogue necessary when a company I have hired to advertise my company, and paid well to do so, steals from my customers. HA is a crooked concern and good 'ol BS is right at the heart of making it that way. Why on earth would you want to discuss anything with him?", 
" ", "I read a thread of yours about renaming the service fees to HA Service Fees etc and you posed the hypothetical question of increased loss of business, etc.", 
"Owner wrongfully withholds your security deposit", "Retrieving data ...", 
" ", "90% of rentals aren't assessed a fee of 10%. It's variable. It's more likely 10% of rentals assessed 10%. For instance, snowbird multi-month  rentals are capped at $499.", 
" ", "at least half of my leads come from word of mouth and my own advertising methods (primarily Facebook). I have driven ALL of my leads to book thru the vrbo/ha system. They have generated leads for me, sure, but all of the heavy lifting and conversion is done by me, with a personal touch. That's part of why cetrain people prefer renting a private home versus going to a hotel or resort. Or camping, for that matter. Different strokes for different folks. ", 
"If I have a \"bargain hunter\", I am very careful in renting to them.  Most of the time, I tell them that I am booked.  My theory is that if they try to get you to lower your price, there could be a lack of respect for not only you but your rental home as well.  So I refuse to chance a rental with them.", 
"This is my first sour experience in 3 years with Reservation Manager's payment process but now I know it's possible and want other owners to know it's a possible scenario as well.", 
"Message was edited by: twobitrentals", " ", "It is not specifically noted.  But if they are moving towards the AirBnB model, all reviews come from owners and travelers that use the online booking system.", 
" ", " ", "yes most definitely.", "pursue. They should peruse your booking conditions  Auto correct  no doubt", 
"              Two figures added together and devided by two  should give a  AVERAGE of a price between the HIGEST and the LOWEST.  ", 
"Well HA has basically forced my hand to list on other places, as I prefer to fill up weeks ASAP,  rather than later.", 
"Adding:", "I agree with everything that you wrote up to the point where you say - ", 
"Retrieving data ...", "", "Yes, I know quite well that there is NO WAY for a guest to pay for a stay at my properties through vrbo or vr.com  I have called cs and they admitted they were giving out wrong \"detailed quotes\" but said there was no way for them to take it off my listings. It is on my listings where I never even clicked the alternate payment just to see what that entailed. NEVER enabled it....", 
" edit to add: Maybe precisely because hotels are cutting Expedia out, Expedia wants to go after the next market and corner it - VRs", 
" ", "Airbnb clone, Vacation rental Script - Claydip", "Again … it's all because of The HomeAway Service Fee™. They wouldn't need to do any of the things you mention if they weren't so intent on collecting their fee.", 
"The tax law definition goes something like this:", "I can give a simple example using a 7% sales tax.", 
" ", "I can't understand why anyone suggests \"moving to ABB\" rather than use HA.  As it stands right now, ABB is still slightly worse than HA in that their traveler commission is higher than HA's (only slightly) and they do have the no-communication policy, which HA is about to move to.  If you suggest going to ABB from HA, you might was well suggest going from HA to VRBO: same thing.", 
"So far, a few inquiries, but not any bookings.  ", "Everything, everyday? I honestly don't know. I haven't read their T&C since I renewed last October. Based on all the changes and how they have said they are modeling after ABB, I am only guessing that they will do all of the underhanded practices that other companies get away with if it will make them more money.", 
"I have done this, but for $50/night - it cost me $1.50.  Now, if you would were to test the system, it would end up costing you $6. But I did it before the service fee went into effect. So now I would likely do it for $25 which would cost me $3.  But it showed me what happens, both the process and how long it takes until you get paid.  It also shows you the paper trail and what they send to the guest.  It was well worth doing. ", 
" ", " ", "One other advantage, and it's a bit one, is no chargebacks.", 
"- One of them has 6 or 7 of the 10", "it's truly irresponsible business practice and they are shooting themselves in the foot, ", 
"Seems like a really nice guy.", "ABB does not charge a commission.  They only charge the CC fees.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Kidding", "It is the great irony of all of this!", 
" ", "Thank you for using HomeAway, the world leader in vacation rentals, with over 1 million listings across our family of brands.", 
"Even granting that one could be protected by a system one hasn't actually purchase, what, pray tell, would the guarantee actually DO and to/from WHOM?", 
"Retrieving data ...", "Old:", "And best-match is easy to understand too: rotate the owners around so everyone gets a little something (no matter how bad the match).", 
" ", "I also don't care if something is called a \"listing\" site or a \"booking\" site.  Again, irrelevant rhetoric.  People could book through VRBO and my boutique \"listing site\" just fine.  If I wish to hire a PM to do my bookings for me, I will do so.  But these companies have no business FORCING property management onto VR owners.", 
" ", "After advertising expenses, and compensating a couple of highly-paid executives, they just donate what's left to existing (presumably legitimate) programs.", 
" ", "Seriously? You leave for a week while we all struggle and this is the best you can do -- offer up a biased view? Kindly scroll through the now-dead threads I've started that ask LEGITIMATE QUESTIONS about your company.", 
"That. Sucks.", "The commission-only based system can't work if  ~40% of listings haven't enabled online booking. That is a lot of inventory.", 
"yes", " ", "1. remove any links you have to VRBO or HA", "the booking accept tile is based on a rolling basis for the last 10 booking request so something doesn't seem right if your last booking request was accepted. Unfortunately, it looks like the email you have registered with the community is not the same as your owner account so I couldn't look into it. If you PM me your info, it would be helpful to see what's happening.", 
"My rental circumstances are very similar to yours.", "I would not count on it.  Unless there is another new buyer.", 
"See, I can say something positive about HA.", "Now, technology is such that anybody can do that. ", 
"I had that guy last year! Never heard back when I asked if he could sell some paintings....", 
" ", " ", "As a member of this community I find that very strange that someone would make that judgement about another member of this community.  This is ", 
" ", " ", " ", "Seems to be the same person.", "When they give the song and dance about needing to send a check, tell them that you (or partner) are now vacationing in the Ukraine and will happily pick up the check.  What time? ", 
"ive asked before but nobody seemed to know..... Given that we  to subscribe, are we able to somehow request an audit of the HA website numbers?", 
"II've also had friends tell me recently that they will skirt vrbo to rent properties without fees. I asked how they planned to do this and they said \"google, may take a little more time but I'm guessing I can find the same property or similar without fees\".", 
"They sent at least two emails regarding the fee.  IF you didn't get those, you might want to check to make sure you are getting their emails, and not just their marketing emails.  They might have a wrong email address attached to your account and email is their only official way of communicating changes, so if they have a typo or have deleted your email, you won't get those either.", 
"You want to talk about instilling trust and infuriating clients, check out this thread: What's next???", 
"(edited to add a bullet)", "I am not suggesting that it is intentional on HA's part to prevent owners from accessing this forum. I am simply relaying what I have read on other forums. There may be a glitch or possibly there is no moderator to add new members or reactivate members who have been inactive for a long time. I have no idea what the issue is but many are saying that they can not access this forum. ", 
"Below is an example, including some rough numbers,  of what might be an \"average\" vacation rental property.", 
"total expenses                           $11,500", 
"Since Airbnb doesn't charge a subscription fee, I am wondering if ours will go away. ", 
"We are simply soldiers to HA, and HA is the general. ", " ", 
"Another proof - FEE sites like FK commission based and ABB generate only a handful of bookings a year. so SOME people SOME of the time don't care about the fee. MOST do. Other wise my calendar would have been filed by FK and ABB bookings WITH fee.", 
" ", " ", "Okerstrom said Expedia will encourage professional property managers to enable instantly confirmable bookings for multi-unit properties where the properties are very similar but understands that some owners and travelers “want the opportunity to spend a little time setting up who the person is, finding out a little bit more about the property through some back and forth … ”", 
"Number of bookings in time frame from the three sites with service fee: 107783**         Number of bookings in time frame WITHOUT Service Fee:  69597", 
"Hi there guys:", "9 Craziest GPS Stories (funny gps) - ODDEE", 
" ", " ", "I was working late and mulling over this situation with the new Service Fee, Best Match's horrible algorithm, and subscription indifference.", 
"Same with the sales tax on the new commission issue.  I asked you for documentation, you refuse and tell me Im all wrong.", 
" ", "The failure of HA's new commission model is that when one realizes that the average VRBO sale is closer to $2500, very few travelers are going to accept paying a commission of $150.", 
" ", "I agree with you completely, had the same experience. What I am trying to say that my market overall is perhaps less affluent than some other markets other owners are dealing with. This particular one may be a bargain hunter, but overall most people booking in the area are not exactly rich. ", 
" ", "Banks do the same thing for NSF checks.  They charge the payee's account for NSF checks, not the payor.  The payee is their customer, so they have access to the account.  The payor probably isn't their customer.", 
"I actually felt for him and did not want his upcoming stay to be jaded by this experience when I agree with his assessment of them needing a confirmation of the number input.  After all, I have received inquiries where the user mispelled their own email address but that doesn't cost them or the owner a $25 fee.  I wrote him back the following:", 
"Why does this remind me so much of \"Sign up for BIN and save $50!\" ?  That really turned out to be a great deal too, didn't it? ", 
" ", "I took a look at your listings. ", "This may seem like an naive statement.", 
"Do you have a written rental agreement that permits those refunds?  Do you verify ID?", 
"                                                                           The advertised price is NOT an average!", 
"Yesterday, I thought I was in the same boat as everyone else. Today, I realize that it's only me!.  Everyone else in my area is getting inquiries and bookings, so I must be doing something wrong.  It must be the subscription level.  I bet if I upgraded to Platinum, then I'd see the same results as everyone else. ", 
" ", " ", "Please note, there is a great deal of misinformation floating around about the service fee. ", 
"I'm a little confused, I was under the impression that there was no way to get out of the service fee. So if my subscription runs out on 6/1/2016, I can call CS and they do something on their end and any new bookings will not show the service fee (of course before 6/1)?", 
"Very interesting.", "PMs have many more venues for advertising than independent home owners.  I have approached our state tourism agency about advertising my vacation rental and have been refused while PMs and realtors advertise homes in my locale.  When the \"owner\" websites opened the doors to PMs it became more difficult to distinguish ourselves.  Prospective guests would need to read the listing text to understand the advantages and benefits of renting from an owner, rather than a PM.  ", 
"Contact Us | YapStone, Payment Service Provider", " ", "May be, but BM was there before the fee. ", 
" ", " ", "Now I click \"Continue to Booking\"", " ", "The obvious answer is that we will all just defect to Airbnb.", 
"I thought you were talking about VACATION HOME RENTALS, not HA or VRBO. Sorry. ", 
"I tried that but the dog ate my paper trail.", "Oops - I realize that this thread has been closed, so I started a new one with these questions.", 
"I t is frustrating for me to see statements that threaten to weaken my position on the various sites if I don't behave a certain way when I don't know what rules I am supposed to be following, ", 
" ", "- One is by a property manager without BIN (hmmm)", "I think you're focusing on the wrong thing.  It is inquiries that you want not page views.  When I was reaching the end of my subscription, I upgraded to Platinum for 3 mos.  The page views went up, but the number of inquiries stayed the same.  My conclusion being that subscription level had no value, and that page views was interesting, but more page views didn't equate to more inquiries. ", 
"Thats great - sounds like a win-win!", "Also due to the volume of bookings, I'm am not interested in PPB.  I would rather put the FEE on the guest.", 
"Last year, I made $10k in April with HA. This year, Nothing since the fee. ", 
"In talking to a rep and then his supervisor from Homeaway Support, the supervisor threatened to \"take down my listing\" if I try to avoid the new service fee. Really, is this how we are to be dealt with moving forward? He said you will take down my listing if my \" headline, descriptive text, or communications with a traveler\" says anything about actions to avoid the HA service fee. Supervisor Shawn case #18068011. ", 
"My guess:  Never.", " ", "I Wonder if the ones who are vocal on here are being targeted. ", 
"in their quest to further monetize their site, they are putting themselves at a huge risk. The subscriber base is not an organized corporation like, for example, Marriott is. And some of us, including me, don't want more than 25% or 50% utilization of their homes. Honestly, I don't want the wear and tear of having people in my home 52 weeks a year. I want to rent it out enough to cover costs of repairs, redecorating etc and possibly have some profit left over. Under their business model, they want for all of us to utilize a 52 week rental model. They are penalizing people for declining bookings, regardless of the reason.", 
" ", "Hi there KDHbreeze:", "I just noticed that HA has posted a new set of guidelines for content as of Mar. 8.  Here are some key changes:", 
"New:", " ", "We had to heatedly point out to a college professor that she was equally vulnerable to cyber attacks to her reputation by posting a response on our sites and an e-mail campaign to all her colleagues at her college highlighting her un ethical behaviors. This would probably not work on most guests but it was enough pressure to make her reconsider her actions.", 
" ", "Personal checks and bank checks are perfectly legitimate methods of payment, despite the call for credit cards by listing sites.  ", 
"Sunnycs, despite the black eye Wounded Warrior is rightfully carrying right now, I do know of an excellent ministry to the current military families which is run privately in S.C. with whom I have been personally involved. Their efforts are very carefully overseen and 100% of their donations go directly to help the troops. They sponsor a major event in Myrtle Beach each year on Memorial Day weekend.", 
"The commission-only based system can't work if  ~40% of listings haven't enabled online booking. That is a lot of inventory.", 
" ", " ", "bobbie32 wrote:", "Me too. I'm actually surprised that Home Away had kept this blog going. But, it's probably the only way they can see what we are up to and how disgusted we are with them.", 
" ", "2. Do not use calendar widgets that drives traffic to the VRBO HA brand", 
" ", " ", " ", "tomhale thank you for adding this utility and thank you for communicating it to us! A little communication goes a long way and i am happy to see you back on here. ", 
"Two years ago I was on a business trip. I looked for a hotel. I thought I went direct but it was through Expedia. When I checked out the girl at the front desk gave me a card and told me next time to call them direct. They can do better price than Expedia and that they were not happy with all the crap they had to put up with.", 
"LLet me guess.... You will get dinged for declining a potential booking. Make sure you give them a quote that is astronomical so the booking dies a natural death and isn't one you \"decline\".... Your house just became $100,000 for that off season week.", 
"When I tried to downgrade online, I couldn't find any way to do so.  I called customer service and was told it's not possible online, you must call.", 
"I hope everyone is able to find ways to ameliorate the \"side effects\" of homeaway's \"improvements\".", 
"exactly how trust is eroded in any group. ", "I mean really, is that what HA is going to resort to?  Combing over the listings of anyone who complains?", 
"Almost immediately I thought that they looked like the perfect size for running a garden train around the I-beams.", 
"Recent Enhancements to Your Listing Webinar and FAQs   Learn more about our recent enhancements     Listing quality scorecard webinar FAQs", 
"I didn't even bother to respond. Just reported them. ", " ", 
"Interesting. ", " ", "Who is your email service provider? I can't remember which provider it was but if they got tons of spam from a company they would block emails to the clients without the clients even knowing that they were blocked. This email was supposedly sent out to a million emails. I'm not saying that you are wrong, it's just so many things change over time and no one can know everything.", 
" ", "Dead on!", "Ok.  I misunderstood, I thought you were implying Homeaway is not allowing new members.  All good.    ", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "i was also, on a separate call regarding blocking my home for maintenance, told that having as much availability as possible, I.e. Not using or blocking maintenance time at my home, would maximize my results in best match and that the company would be showing homes there that best match the search parameters that the people input. I'm not justifying the personal use of my home to ANYBODY. SORRY, NOT SORRY. ", 
" ", "I'm not saying the issues are not valid. I have written my own posts about guests specifically saying they did not book because the fee was too much on top of cleaning. I'm saying that the tactics are out of control and potentially more damaging than the fee itself. ", 
" ", " ", "", " ", "", "Well here is something that is not hypothetical, we just have had our second prospect turn us down because of the \"service fee\"?  So the question is, how many more can we expect to lose because of HA's new business model?  This is not something that is \"hypothetical\" but in fact a reality.  My wife and I are losing business because HA has decided to go against what they have been toting that the competition was doing.  Now HA is no different from the other VR sites and it is hurting business.", 
"It would be helpful if Tom would specifically answer for each of these whether the owner would need to cough up if HA decides for the traveler. ", 
"We have posted everything from blasting anger - to videos depicting Brian Sharples own advice stating the business model they are currently using WILL NOT work.", 
" ", "The idea of a traveler fee is not inherently bad. I think a variable fee is bad. I think a higher fee for lower cost properties is bad. I think allowing PMs to keep the same wording about avoiding the fee in their listings that gets owners listings disabled is bad. I think soliciting reviews for guests that rented through HA to post on Trustpilot is bad.", 
" ", "I have maintained Platimum level subscription for my property since its inception and when it was implemented, it had a dramatic positive impact on my vrbo generated rentals (think algorithm). I was happy to give a good portion of one weeks rental to vrbo/ha to pay for the platinum benefits. ", 
"Again, I speak just from personal experience, but as to the cleaning fee, I would continue to separate that out as all renters are expecting that fee (and I wouldn't increase my nightly rate to cover that expense).  In my area the average cleaning fee is closer to $175-200 for a larger home like yours.  Even if you charge only $150 for cleaning, you can use any extra $ if the actual cleaning charge is lower to cover your CC fee.  I do continue to support your increasing your night rate at least to $225 in the off-season.", 
"Rick", "Yes, I am aware of the banking procedures....I worked in the banking system for many years. However, Since Reservation manager is not a stand alone bank perhaps  they could set their debiting procedures up so that they debit the guest first (since that seems to be were the problem lies), and if no funds are available, then debit the owner. The company that transfers the funds back and forth via Reservation manager are making plenty of money off the float on e-checks, and actual fees on credit card payments. So, unless there is some law that requires that they debit the owner and not the guest, I think it is something that they should consider", 
" ", "Guys you are reading way too much into it. Just remember that everything Expedia does, all the changes they are making lead to one thing and that is get that fee as fast as they can. You look at all that has changed, best match, on line booking, forcing to use their payment process all leads to getting that service fee in their hands as fast as they can. Nothing else matters to Expedia except that fee. You, your place and yes even the guest guarantee means nothing to them except a fee.", 
"Take away what you want from that because apparently for me and thousands of other owners, you could care less.", 
" ", "But I think there is an error in the software.  If HA and VRBO wanted more bookings hence more money for everyone, then why would they take away the inquires that were producing the income?", 
"So sorry to hear that.", " ", "Exact same drop off in Rehoboth Beach, DE. Starting same day as service fee. I'm surprised HA is still allowing owners access to the analysis. Despite all the fancy charts from Tom, Ha own analysis contradicts his charts.", 
"To all:  I realize this is the same article as the azcentral.com article posted previously.  But, it is important to be aware of the publications publicizing the traveler fee.  ", 
"<\"The most recent change of adding a service fee to listings that “played by your rules” and signed up for BIN or alternate payment options, are now at a disadvantage to other owners in their listing area, that did not play by the HA rules, so no service fee appears in their quotes.\">", 
"Here are the facts as we now understand them.  If HA were to incorporate all of this into a FAQ or other help page, there would be no further need for this post. Until then, I'll continue to update it as new information emerges.  ", 
"Currently, CS is telling owners who phone in that they must contact the legal department of HA to exercise this right under the old Terms & Conditions.  The legal department may be reached at  ", 
"This gets better all the time", " ", "I tried that number and the numbers listed on google.  However, it is VacationRentPayment I needed to google - my mistake.  I contacted them yesterday - I had a guest not receive a refund but it was on her cc end not VRP.  Thanks for your info!!", 
"Sorry for bringing to light a major flaw in other listing sites. I thought thats what this board is about, open discussion.", 
"So was BIN, LQS and Alt Payments. They were all put in place, step-by-step, in preparation for the fee. The fee has been in the works for a long time, but they couldn't roll all these changes out at the same time … they had to slowly corral the owners in the \"online booking\" pen before they could spring the fee.", 
"If the specific fee is removed, is the corresponding service removed also?  If no, then its mandatory and sales taxable.", 
"If you buy a pool float for $100 at Target via cc, your total cost with tax would be $107.", 
" ", "Suggestion should be to look for a boutique Web site first.", 
"In my town (small town in large metro area) there are maybe 10 rentals in my class of property (tasteful/clean homes for 4-6 travelers), so I am watching my competition. While VRBO used to have the most, I now see many also popping up on AirBnb, and new ones only there.", 
"Yes, VHR changed their terms to no longer disable auto renew. It is like Spirit Airlines or HBO, you have to cancel before your expiration date or it will auto renew.", 
"I block my property a lot for family and work. Go to calendar pick the dates then look down where it says reserved click the down arrow and choose blocked.", 
"A traveler inquires about your property and questions the fee and you respond as noted above. What percent of travelers book after you explain the reasons for the fee?", 
" ", "If HA are going to charge 5% for transactions in addition to the couple % they charge for currency conversions then I will probably start to use this for all foreign transactions.", 
"- None have good availability until the autumn", "scottr wrote:", 
" ", "I understand. It remains to be seen if you will continue have \"volume of bookings\" if the fee persists. ", 
" ", " ", "Their \"Best Match\" is not working to fill the last three weeks, I have open to fill, so HA is not getting the job done for me anyway.", 
"Us???", "I am the owner of a vacation home in another country. Thru word of mouth and my Facebook and blog \"advertising\", my home has developed a very good reputation as a terrific destination in itself . I am constantly getting leads thru these sources and have historically directed them to my vrbo site for payment and such, for my own simplicity sake. The bulk of my leads come thru word of mouth but vrbo has been a reliable source of additional leads.  ", 
"Thank you for sharing your opinion.", "Best regards,", " ", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "And again, I canceled ONE booking on ABB and was scolded and told they'd suspend my listing if I did it again in the next six months.  Gee, maybe I should ask them if I can cook in my own house too.  I mean, I might make a mess!", 
"99.9 of my payments are checks. I've had four PayPal 3 international guests, one with short arrival time) and one paid cash on arrival (also quick arrival).", 
"May I put them in touch with you?", "bobbie32 wrote:", "Frankly, I could not sleep at night if I did what your team has done to so many hard working owners. And, please, please, please do not tell me again about how well everyone is doing.", 
"They need to fix that because it's going to screw people up.", 
" ", "done", "If you'd like to join.......Please send a FB friend request to:  Sammy Chloe", 
"3. Build you own web site and always link to that and book direct, simply use checks and or other methods ", 
"also, @Carol. It's tied to the online booking feature (not really the payment. But you're right, HA Payment/alternative payments is required in order to use online booking)", 
"Unless Homeaway has the ability to create more July and August weeks, prime summer rental for me, the promise of more, more, more is ridiculous.", 
"Couldn't one of you buy Expedia?  OK, just asking.", "Is there any way to leave a review if the renter doesn't have a profile?  A guest I would like to leave a review for is verified but has no profile.", 
" ", "The same guy wrote to me in August 2015 too!", " ", " ", 
"I respect your opinion. I have just noticed this question posed by vr several times, when it seems irrelevant to the discussion.", 
" ", " ", "If you want to share your listing ID, I can run some traveler queries to see if I can spot any issues.  Or send a private message or email.", 
"Yep!", "lol....silence after that.  ", " ", "you are on point with branding and marketing your home to make it searchable online. Do whatever you can do to make it easily searchable, like when you search for your name or the name of a particular restaurant or hotel  (hint hint) ", 
"My VRBO account is connected to an email account that I've intentionally disabled all junk and spam settings.  I use a Monzilla client that provides the ability to customize junk / spam settings, and as I noted, those mail boxes don't automatically clear - they are manually cleared and I review all the content before emptying the folders.", 
"Also, my HA listing now lists HA service fee. They are testing probably on HA and not VRBO.", 
"It's in the last bullet statement that the HA management team is in denial over.", 
"I have no idea what the problem is for these owners. I just wish all of the owners who would like to post here could, especially after it was suggested that the Service Fee is only an issue for the 100 or so owners who post on this forum. ", 
"property value:    $300,000", "Before you say how I am \"rich\".", 
"Additionally, since Airbnb provides a high dollar insurance policy to homeowners who rent, I am wondering if that will be something that HA will also offer to us that is derived from the service fee.", 
"General HA has no problem with sacrificing a few hundred soldiers - sending them into futile battle as cannon fodder.", 
"In my opinion, it is crazy to renew at anything other than the Classic subscription.  It would be a very, very smart thing for all owners to get on Classic and only Classic.", 
" Just like there are SOME people who like to waste money. But they are in minority, and I do not think any one of us (unless your property caters to millionaires) can sustain viable business relying only on SOME people making OCCASIONAL bookings with the fee. ", 
"While I am very upset with HA, I tend to agree with secrets11 that we are cutting our throats by discouraging travelers from using the site.  I still rely on the site to bring me business.  Maybe I am being selfish since I will only be booking our guesthouse through 2016. But if HA died right now, I do not have time to ramp up and start listing on other sites that will take time to gain in popularity.  My biggie, and I have said it over and over again, is that I do not want to lose control of communicating with MY guests.  Thus, I simply hate AirBnB.  I want to be able to email potential renters and phone them outside the system.  I want to get that signed hard copy of my rental agreement.  I do not want to be forced into using the hospitality app due to iffy cell service where we live.  Sure I think the traveler service fee is higher than it should be, but I am okay with it, if my guests are willing to pay it.  And it is clear that users of AirBnB don't mind paying the fees.  Many guests are oblivious as what they are paying and what the dollars actually buy them.  I should also say that for returning guests, you can do what you want.  If you want them to use the system and they don't mind paying a little more, why not let them use the system? If you are used to receiving personal checks or payments via PayPal, why not continue to do so?  Your hands are not tied.  You can do what you want with people that find you using alternate methods.", 
"I understand HA's need to change, their need to stay relevant and their need to compete with competition that is nipping at their heels. I just wish they had thought a little more about their implementation strategy and that they had taken the time to do it properly.", 
"“Over the long term maybe this whole industry goes to instantly bookable,” Okerstrom said. “If that does happen and that’s what owners and travelers want, we’ll be right there to provide that. If it doesn’t, we’re going to be agnostic.”", 
"*I used the Q1 2015 Earnings Transcript for the number of total listings and the number of total bookable listings. This is as off March 31, 2015, but it's close enough.", 
"We do read these posts and we're tracking this conversation.  Brian and I expect some amount of email in our inbox on this topic, but I don't think it's fair for someone else to post Brian's email on this forum. So I've removed it.", 
"How many HA employees does it take to change a light bulb?", 
" ", "besides, what is \"materially misrepresented\"? Who makes a judgment on that? The curtains are different color than they were in pictures? laminate instead of hardwood? without a DEFINITION of what \"materially misrepresented\" is, it will be wide open to frivolous chargebacks. ", 
"We have accused Sharples and Hale of greed. We have accused Customer Service of indifference and condescension.", 
"Fine again.", " ", "The other failure of Expedia's SLT is how easily and quickly the owners AND THE SHOPPERS will google search for a VR on VRBO, and find the same home on the web sans commission (just as shoppers do for air and hotel today).", 
" ", " ", "www.vacationrentalhelper.com", "I cant say that there is anything particularly bad against wire xfer.  But it is a one-way transfer and will never come back to the sender without a lawsuit.", 
"In lieu of the work you have put in dealing with this issue, I will eat the cost of the fee, don't worry about the check.", 
"Everything they are doing is geared to get them a fee.", "Your data is warped by the fact that a lot more properties are online-bookable now, last year you did not have booking data for those properties, so even if total bookings is less, your data will show there is more, just because your data from last year is missing the last year off-line bookings that this year are made online.  Only graphs for properties that were online bookable this year and last year would be usefull, including them all presents a distorted graph due to missing data for the periods the properties were booking offline instead of online.   ", 
"For one, you have blocked out most of your calendar for the late spring and early summer. That's the biggest factor I could see in the number of page views, inquiries and bookings. I would guess you (or someone else) is occupying the property for these months.  When your calendar is blocked off, then your visiblity will naturally drop off: you have no nights to sell because you have blocked them off. ", 
" ", " ", "                              Thus, proving once again, that when left to their own devices,  HA/VRBO will screw up a one car funeral.................", 
"It's just that March is only half-over, folks, you can't look at the point for March.  If you look Feb 15-Feb 16 for the market -- the two dotted lines -- the numbers are just about the same.   ", 
"I notice the ominous promise from HA in that article:", "", 
" ", " ", "You have been really helpful.  Yes, both my site looks like the link ( picture ) you posted.  Is this why I am getting a service fee?  I'm confused now...", 
"Reviewing all of the changes in recent years, none have benefitted the independent owner, and some are causing great financial harm.  ", 
"Retrieving data ...", "I've pushed here for that site, but I admit that I am turned off a bit at this point because 1) they've never returned my call; 2) it seems like they're not grabbing this gem of an opportunity to exploit what is going on with the anger at HA to siphon customers.  That suggests to me that they're not terribly serious about building the site.", 
" ", " ", " ", "", "True, cable companies been doing that.. but now with internet streaming many of them I hear are having numbers of subscribers dropping slowly but surely. Market can be cornered for a while, not forever. ", 
" ", "They also changed the terms that by simply logging on you except these new terms even though you are unable to read these terms until you log on.", 
"Should work unless H/A is doing some more to us.", " ", "Thus far, and for many years, I have:", 
" ", "- All have reservation fees on top of the HA/VRBO service fees (typically another 9%)", 
" ", "I dont understand the whole picture though.  In the OP, you stated \"Now, I'm refunding $1149\"", 
"The fee comes out of your pocket no matter who pays it.", "Since the fee, my business has literally TANKED. Thanks to the Suits at HA and Expedia. I'm considering to sell my rental house.", 
" ", " ", "You have got to be kidding? They are really going to try that.", 
" ", " ", " ", "See the coverage we offer here:", "Overall, while the previous guidelines also referred to listings, they were primarily aimed at reviews.  Now they have beefed up their content guidelines with more restrictions on property listings.  They have also added some words to indicate these guidelines cover traveler reviews as well as property reviews.", 
"These changes are NOT in the best interest of the owners.  It makes it easier for the guests to extort an owner for non-monetary compensation and allows a dishonest review to stand until a court judgement is reached, not just on the filing of a suit.", 
"But this?  It is only destructive to HA - they get no upside and only downside.  Must be those Harvard MBAs at work ", 
"Mark and Jenny   ", "You can make any legally permissible decisions you want about your business.  You don't have the same options once you have an agreement in place, a contract signed, or payment accepted.  That's not a booking site policy, that's just how contracts and agreements work in the real world.", 
" ", "Certainly - I'm open to being contacted.  I've rented to quite a few military families, and Military Appreciation Days during the month of May was my inspiration for considering the donation.  I've already given away the week of Memorial Day in both of my properties this year, but the local organization could certainly be a consideration for those weeks next year.  I still have 5 May weeks up for grabs however, and I'm not overly optimistic about getting them all rented.  (I'll email you via your website)", 
" ", "Tom,", "acbrown1969 wrote:", "FYI, I got the link to work by removing the http at the end.  That said, after reading the article I have the following comment…", 
"Add me in.", " ", "4. Don't spend your time dealing with all the HA VRBO nonsense, focus on your rental on your own. ", 
" ", " ", "If an owner does not seek out other places to receive inquiries and reservations, then owners must sit and wait for HA to decide it's now time to push you to the top, as your turn came up. Or better described as , it's now my  turn to deliver the golden egg, known as the service fee.", 
"I Believe it only applies moving forward and is not retroactive. too bad I can't review the last woman who rented my home. It would save future people who rent to her some headaches! She made up things and put them in my review. Which was not a nice one but in a very passive aggressive way but she did give me four stars. I went above and beyond for her.... Borrowed a bunch of stuff for her infant like a baby bed and a playpen etc..... And she showed up with six more people than she said as was having when she talked me into lowering my rate by $1000. ", 
"Do a google search on the ceo and that will explain everything. Makes me wonder where all his money is being sent.", 
" ", "I got a shpiel about the \"dangers of downgrading\" . . . .", 
"Best to all.  ", " ", " ", "It was actually alot more work than I imagined (isnt everything with a house).   It has to run thru the edge of a flight of stairs and thru the mechanical room, which was ever-challenging.", 
" ", "Seems to be robo mail.Lazy crimnals!", "Thanks for posting.  I just received this exact message.  It seemed strange so I thought I'd do some research.  I am glad I did!", 
"I just called my sister and asked her to send me an inquiry just to make sure they're still going to me.  On hold with HomeAway, in the meantime, no doubt for an hour or so. ", 
"So check this out, low cost to list, no traveler fees, no blocked comms, just a straight up listing site:", 
" ", "I am on VRBO and I se it today. May be gone tomorrow, who knows. ", 
"Dave", "Yes, please join that new forum.  As long as someone doesnt call another member a bad name and keeps discussions civil, then their posts will stand.", 
" ", "1. Bought an UNFINISHED (incomplete build) property (the proverbial money pit)  when I was between jobs with no sure job prospects (just could not pass it up)", 
" ", " ", "bump must read if you have not", "What is the difference in showing dissatisfaction whether it be Facebook or tv or any other media? Many thousands of owners have a right to object to a fee they see as nothing more than a money grab with no benefit to the owner at all. Your argument is toothless. Sit back and take it while your business suffers. Is that the best avenue? I would prefer everyone knows and the industry is sent a message. An email finally went out today describing the service fee. Now hundreds of thousands of owners who are not tuned in are going to get the news. They will finally understand why their inquires and bookings are down. I guess they will just accept things right?", 
" ", " ", "This flexible strategy would appear to be more advantageous for Expedia in adding vacation rentals by owner than Booking.com’s insistence on sticking with instantly confirmable bookings", 
"**These are the volumes of on-platform bookings for this period, all of which include a service fee in 2016. ", 
" ", " ", "When will the blood letting cease?", "Just like paying $2000 for premium listing for free to travelers service is NOT a \"material\" change to the T&C when your listings are no longer premium and the traveler now has to pay a fee (per HA attorneys).", 
"But, given the vast array of insider knowledge we KNOW they possess, what in the world would make them interject a service fee into this business model?", 
" ", "Edited to add: I think the fee only applying for listings that accept HA payments is bad. I think this is a short term problem because all payments will likely be through HA by the end f the year so playing field will be even.", 
"BRAVO!!!!!!!!! You nailed it, my friend!", "I am now left scratching my head that I am being treated like an underperforming employee who has been put on notice by a company that I pay $2000 to annually and drive additional revenue to them by mandating all payment processing thru their website (giving them an additional cut of my revenue) and mandating their $79 travel insurance on all of my bookings.", 
"I am always amazed how some homes in my area without ocean view nor proximity to the village, etc. are still able to book nicely with a higher nightly rate similar to the view properties.  They all have great descriptions of the other activities/amenities guests are looking for (furnishings, décor, entertainment in house, sounds of the birds, etc. etc.) along with great reviews of how much fun the guests had doing this and that on the property.  Your home has a LOT to offer as you indicated, so perhaps you can improve your description of the amenities to \"set the scene\" (you will love coming home to the beautiful log home in the perfect private wooded setting, many quiet evenings in front of the fireplace listening to music and drinking wine after a day of exploring and a leisurely soak in the tub, while the kids play pool and watch movies, etc.\", for a quick example)?  If your reviews don't address these great features, perhaps you could request guests to leave more descriptive reviews.  Again, just some simple suggestions you may already be doing.", 
"How frustrating.  How disappointing.  ", " ", "Sorry for the short comings in their system, hopefully the future will bring improvements.", 
"Why would anyone want reviews submitted only to booking sites rather than to your website, so they are viewable by all of your potential guest, not just the ones who happen to be looking at a particular platform.", 
"tomhale, what are you doing internally to address the lack of integrity of the data samples, year over year. As it was pointed out above, the comparisons for total bookings, etc from a time period in 2015 versus same period of time in 2016 are not apples to apples and therefore no statistically accurate conclusions can be drawn from them. ", 
"For the other, You are well booked through March but are wide open in April through the summer. Last year, you filled many weekends in spring and summer. From a site visibility perspective, you are reasonably visible in your market, although it's clear to me that the top listings in your market are platinum subscribers who have paid for more visibility than you have. However on a filtered search (2br) for a date range you have open, you are very visible. ", 
"I wish they would explain the logic and let us know when the inquires are going come back.", 
"Its a huge hole in the HA platform, and going by the number of forum posts, it seems to be hitting owners more frequently than in the past.", 
"Remember, I was one of the first to get my knuckles severely rapped for stating that \"....often VRBO's quotes are incorrect, so contact me and I will double check the quote you see....\"  The wording was considered subversive.", 
" ", " ", "I don't have BIN, HomeAway Payments or alternate payments.  I AM playing by HomeAway's <\"rules.\">  For the time being - there is NO RULE that a listing must have BIN or use HomeAway Payments or alternate payments.  I resent Tom Hale saying that because HomeAway has introduced a traveler fee I am now <\"abusing\"> HomeAway because I am doing business in a manner that was totally acceptable before the service fee was introduced.  That's a bunch of you-know-what.", 
"Current information as of 3/10", "Legal Department", "Yes, if you have HA payments enabled -- as shown by that photo -- your ad will show the service fee.   To disable them, you will need to call CS.  But if you have future reservations already set up through HA payments you will not be able to turn off HA payments. ", 
" ", "POLL QUESTIONS:", "JMO here, you are trying to compare Home Escape to a much larger and better funded operation. Even VHR doesn't list a phone number. Personally I have had no issues getting an E-mail response on any question I have had about Home Escape. We are listed and have had a couple of responses.", 
"Just one year ago, only 35% of HA listings were online bookable.", 
"The same cc fee can be used as an example.  Is the cc fee sales taxable at Walmart?  Yes of course.  Is it mandatory to use a cc at Walmart?  No of course not.", 
"When Target counts their money at EOD, they only received $98 (after the bank skimmed off their 2% cc fee).", 
"Notice \"Service Fee\" is now under \"7 nights\" followed by \"Tax\"?", 
"How is Air's commission higher than VRBOs?", "My own bookings are shifting from VRBO to AirBnb. VRBO used to be cheaper for guests (since no service fee), but no longer.", 
"let me refer you to the South Park episode titled Humancentipad", 
"SSame here. ", "Before the fee, what percent booked after an inquiry?", 
" ", "Have a look here - www.bitgold.com", " ", "I think you're focusing on the wrong thing.  It is inquiries that you want not page views.  When I was reaching the end of my subscription, I upgraded to Platinum for 3 mos.  The page views went up, but the number of inquiries stayed the same.  My conclusion being that subscription level had no value, and that page views was interesting, but more page views didn't equate to more inquiries. ", 
" ", " ", "I am now up to four inquiries since the implementation of the fee. Since my reply to them, though, as Susan said, \"crickets\".", 
"So now we have to watch what we say because you are monitoring our comms. That is just great. What a good company to be involved with.", 
"Instead of my property being seen by more travelers, I'm seen by fewer. I know HA has their  x number of days theory about how far out travelers reserve, but this theory does not hold true in all markets.", 
"SCREW THEM. ", "I have promoted the virtues of vrbo for years, quite vocally. I am the owner of a blog with a high volume of subscribers and I have more than 2,000 Facebook followers. One post from me on this would be enough to spark an awareness of this traveler fee that would have a viral impact. If many others do the same, which I am sure they will, traveler awareness of this fee will become widespread. ", 
"I'm not certain why you are addressing me on these topics?  ", 
"Scott", "https://www.vrbo.com/info/ha-guarantee/travel-with-confidence", 
" ", " ", " ", "Apparently, we will have to sue for defamation or libel in a small claims court and receive a judgement before a review can be removed? It would be easier to just take down our site.", 
" ", "No problems.", "At least 4 years too late.  The waste and mismanagement has been very reprehensible for a long time. Look at their tax filings and where they actually spend money, over and above the huge amounts they spend suing and sullying other charities.", 
"FYI, I got the link to work by removing the http at the end.  That said, after reading the article I have the following comment…", 
"Oh, how I wish that were true.  I have a Platinum listing that cost me $1650 a year.  I have been a renter with HA & VRBO for five years. My inquiries are very slow.  I am trying now to boost my ranking by raising the price of my rental.  It has only been about 5 days, but have not had any inquiries.  It's probably because my rental price is to high.  However, when I lower my price my listing goes down and I am ranked lower. ", 
" ", " ", "me too", " ", " ", " ", "My summer weeks rent themselves, with very little effort involved.  This year, half of my weeks are booked by return guests, who reserved a year in advance.  Sometimes, three quarters of my weeks are reserved by returning guests.", 
" ", " acbrown1969, I understand the frustration.   The beginning of March we had our first truly bad renters.  Apparently they had a big party.  Garbage all over, broken whine bottles on the floor, vomit in the bathroom, double the guests(that we know about) and pets without paying for them.  Thankfully no damage.  Just a lot of extra work for our cleaners.   It was so disheartening having someone treat our place like that and there's nothing more I would like to do than warn others of this group.", 
"We are going to Dallas this weekend to take my son who is a senior to a NHL hockey game, a short weekend getaway to start Spring Break.  For this trip we just need a decent hotel, which I easily booked online on the HOTEL's website, not Expedia or anything like that.  I have read too many negative stories where people book with these services and get stuck with whatever is assigned to them.  I prefer to book directly with hotels and have a few chains I will look for first because I have enrolled in their loyalty program. And I have NEVER paid a booking fee to use one of these sites to help me get what I feel is the best deal. I am plenty smart enough to use the internet to make my own decisions. ", 
"I have found that the people who ask most for discounts are the ones who don't need them. I had one guy ask for a substantial discount for a last minute booking because weather conditions weren't optimal. I agreed to a slight discount. This was for a place I manage for my mother. I ended up having to drop something off at the renter's house - we live in the same city - and it turns out he owns a giant house in an excellent neighborhood that Zillow valued at more than $4 million. Another time someone gave me a sob story and I had to meet this one too, and she showed up in a brand new Mercedes, didn't even have plates yet. Now when people ask I point out that the rent goes to an elderly widow who lives on a fixed income. That tends to work. But not always. ", 
"Thanks everyone…", "Thanks Susan…but I do not think trying to game the system is worth the effort.  Several months ago I did try entering guests names, but found it was a ridiculous effort since many of the names were repeat guests.  Frankly I do not think anything I could do at this point would change anything.  And I am not about to call CS for their assistance.  I do not want by blood pressure to soar.    ", 
"Just gave me a bad vibe, that's all.", " ", " ", "jstonemsp@gmail.com", 
"Don't tell them that you know it is a scam, just report to VRBO and keep shining them on to waste their time.  The more of us that engage with scammers and have them emailing the less time they have to scam people.  Give them bad addresses and have them resend the check again and again, make them do lots of work with no return.", 
"If you just got one of these send it to H/A and demand they tell their wonderful guests to stop it. Don't let H/A ding you for not booking", 
" ", " ", "Here's another interesting fact - The service fee shows up for my condo when doing an \"instant quote,\" but it does not show up for about half of the units listed when doing an \"instant quote.\"  Why?  This obviously puts me at a competitive disadvantage.  ", 
"It does show VRBO service fee if you click \"instant quote.\"  However, it only shows \"service fee\" if you click book it now or send an email inquiry.  If in fact VRBO believe it is offering a good value proposition for this fee, it should make it abundantly clear that it is a fee paid to VRBO and hyperlink the words \"service fee\" to the \"book with confidence guarantee\" web page.", 
"This really was not a rhetorical question.  Honest answers would be appreciated.    ", 
"I believe that they (TH and others) are lurking in the background, but they are reading all posts.  They are taking action on those that reveal themselves in this forum. It's a gold mine for them.  They are picking up clues on how the HA and VRBO sites are being used and abused.  Be careful what you post…", 
"annual gross vr rental income      $30,000", "2. Emptied all my life savings, plus, after I found the job, all my ongoing paychecks for 1.5 years went into it, to the tune of 130K", 
"additionally, in certain areas, Airbnb will send out professional photographer (at their expense) to photograph the listings. Maybe the service fee will cover this also?", 
"There are thousands more VRs in HA's inventory that will be rotated into the hot zone as others are extinguished.", 
"I am going to bump this one more time to make sure everyone reads the article. Do your homework instead of pounding the keys on this blog. Do your homework and you will surely understand why this site will fail. Do your homework and see what the future holds for us. One simple click explains it all. ", 
"\"", "I think the problem here is that several of you think that you must put all your guests is one basket, in a neat and tidy package, so that it is all done in an organized fashion.  It does not have to be that way. You can use HA payments thru the system and you can take checks outside the system with people that find you through other sites.  The only thing that needs coordinating between all sites is the calendar.", 
"I totally disagree.  I dont think it would make any difference HOW the HA mgmt introduced these changes.  Regardless of how they were introduced, travelers will still stop shopping at HA, and thats the bottom line.", 
"If /  when every VR rental website goes to mandated instant booking, I'm taking my home offline and marketing privately to my own networks, past guests and their networks.", 
" ", "regards,", "None.  They prefer to keep everyone in the dark.", 
"Since the Best Match and Service Fee has been initiated we have had zero bookings in February and so far in March.  Customer service has looked into this and came up with the analysis:", 
"That's why you want to address those situations in your rental agreement.", 
"Have you asked yourself that? Have you actually asked yourself - if Brian Sharples KNOWS better, then why is he allowing this to happen?", 
"You certainly dont have to share.   I like to go with things I can actually see and read.  I get burned when I listen to folks who simply say its so.", 
" ", "Folks....there is absolutely no pity from me when an advertising site decides they have the right to increase my rates (toying with my livelihood).  They don't care if by doing so it means that I need to discount my rates in order to not lose bookings.  Then they threaten to deactive listings if MY PRODUCT is sold to a customer without HA's added commission?  This is wrong on so many levels.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", "It is GREAT for the recipient.  Now if that recipient is also the homeowner, then all is OK.  Problem is when the recipient is a fraudster, the money is GONE bye-bye.", 
" ", "Because reviews on your own website are more easily faked. If someone is using a particular platform, they are going to look at that platform's reviews. If we could get them to our own websites that is great but we are small fish. ", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "Wonderful. I just added that phrasing like that because I have an 4 adult and 4 kid max. I will not allow 8 adults. If I have 6 adults, I charge a per person charge for the 5th and 6th guest. I didn't however say the quotes were incorrect but said to call me if the quote wasn't what they expected.", 
"Of course, this is a ratio of contacts per view.   It does not mention the raw number of contacts or views.  The ratio could remain the same while the number of travelers hitting the site plummets.  ", 
"Others are done over the phone or by e-mail, paying by check or other payment options.", 
"", " ", "Homeaway, Inc.", "OK, thank you for your report.  I've revised #2.", 
"Vrbo was OURS.  Then corporate interests ruled against us.  ", 
" ", "Don't want to list for various reasons, fine....don't list  and cmrentals if you think you can put a site like Home Escape together for $300.00 your seriously out of touch.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "where huge companies don't actually compete with each other but become exactly like each other so there is no competition", 
"If owners do not have specific issues re cancellation policies (or other specific Airbnb procedures) and Homeaway does not reverse or adjust the new fees and best match system, why not shift to Airbnb?", 
"HumancentiPad - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia", "Same here…I block a lot of dates.  Because we are on-site managers, we need to block off dates and cannot meet and greet on the days we have doctor appointments, board meetings, etc, and we try not to do same-day turnovers.  This is one of the reasons I will not put in the names of guests - it would be ridiculous. ", 
" ", "- paid for my platinum level subscription, plus bundles ", 
"Freebird - No, the traveler is not charged, that's the processing fee I'm paying.", 
"I wonder if there is \"pay to play\" going on.  I've been told that the availability is key and these places don't have it.  I also am skeptical that folks will happily rent through this platform when being charged a booking fee by both the property manager and HA/VRBO.", 
"Scott, I know I want inquiries. But they only come from views. What I want to know is the number of views each sub level gets so I may make an informed decision about the potential for increase in contact and bookings. For sake of example, if Platinum people, on average, got 500 view a month and Gold gets 300, you may decide the difference is with the extra money. But if Gold got 500 and Gold gets 475, there is perhaps less interest in upgrading.  And... what if PPB people got as many views as Silver? How would that make ya feel?", 
"Maybe that was a different party?  Or maybe that is no longer what you are doing?", 
"Its YOUR business YOUR Product that the traveler is paying for.  A fee to the traveler is simply less money you can earn.", 
"Mike ", " ", "Did you see the thread I started called \"This is what 'Bringing You More Bookings' Looks Like?\"", 
"They cannot really really enforce it. Practically impossible. ", 
" ", " ", "HomeAway.com Customer Support", " ", "ADDED", "Here's a link to the new Content Guidelines (note the URL still says reviews!):", 
"Or is it Stanford?", " ", "Whether something is a \"listing\" site or a \"booking\" site has significant ramifications on the obligations that the site and the VR owner have regarding customers and the various levels of government.  You may not care, and that your prerogative.  Lots of attorneys and tax professionals make a fine living fixing the messes business owners create for themselves.", 
"I have also not had any problems accepting \"typical\" personal checks.  But my bank has informed me that cashier's checks are easy to counterfeit, so we generally do not allow them. Frankly I do not know what the difference is between a cashier's check and an official bank check.  Official bank checks are used these days by the younger generation that do their banking online and do not use the typical paper checks. They are mailed by the bank and not by the person that made the reservation.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "I think that the real problem exists with the ongoing subscriptions at various levels.  I think the commission based system would have been more palatable if subscriptions were not part of the equation.  Whenever HA decided to go to this new system, they should have started to pro-rate subscriptions so that there was a clean break between one system and the other.  Mixing subscriptions and fees (both traveler fees and host fees) simply does not work.  When renewals come up, owners should be forced to go with the commission based system.  The subscription model should be phased out for HA.  Perhaps pro-rated refunds for subscriptions should be given so that a clean break can occur on a given date.", 
"Request sent", "If you have trouble finding  Sammy Chloe   then it should be top choice at this link", 
"Do not feed the monster!", "Update: trying to avoid multiple post on my part so all my answers stay together.", 
" ", "Now, if some people jump ship, it could leave you with less competition, but I think it's time to diversify \" my portfolio\". My eggs have been in one basket long enough.", 
"Great news. I hope the traveler reviews will soon be for rentals through HA & VRBO.", 
"After the senior or AAA discount, the rate was always cheaper booking direct. I stopped checking middlemen websites after 20 or so times. Slow learner, I guess!", 
"I find it useful to view a prospective guest's home on zillow, trulia, tax data base, etc before responding to a request for a discount.  The majority of my guests own their own homes and with just a few minutes on the Internet it's possible to determine their ability to afford the rent listed.  I understand some people live beyond their means - they may have a large house and insufficient funds for vacation - and they may request a discount, but if so, they are not the guests for me.  I'm not interested in subsidizing a vacation for those who have the means to pay.  ", 
" ", "It's important to note that CS is not empowered to make decisions on terms or their application per both old and new T&C and that emailing HA/VRBO doesn't technically qualify as a request/demand for enforcement of the prior T&C.", 
"I would write a polite but \"to the point\" disclaimer on my listing that addresses THAT craziness", 
"This was a professional video and I doubt that it was harmful to anyone.", 
"One day I would like to run two or three trains on the oval track at once, however that would take an electrical engineering magician  to accomplish.", 
"I too have seen fewer pageviews and fewer inquiries this year, and bookings are suffering as a result.  I have a gold subscription, same prices as last year, and a slightly modified listing.  I see no reason for the drop except HA is favoring those that allow instant booking with credit cards.  I do not like the terms of their third party company that handles their online payment, so I am still doing it by check.  I am told that HA is ranking the BIN (Book It Now) rentals higher, and directing traffic that way.  However, since HA only makes money on PPB clients if they actually close rentals, I suspect they are directing traffic to them as well, at the expense of subscribers like you and I.", 
"But that's a waste of our time too. If I know for sure it is a scam....and they are pretty easy to spot, I just push the scam button on my dashboard. If it is questionable, I just respond that all payments must be made directly through VRBO and that there is an e-check option......(crickets)", 
"Tell them that HA/VRBO is only allowing online payments now and are adding an additional service fee, so they and their fellow scammers will have to find some other business to bother.", 
"Ol' Pablo Alvarez was trying to get my house, I think!  ", 
"https://unitedvacation.rentals/how-to-join/", "Did you just get the newest email from HA? My email program popped up that it thought it was spam and then the whole program froze. I had to force quit it. Normally spam does not cause freezes.", 
" ", "I would also like to see these questions answered by tomhale and Brian Sharples. ", 
"Thank you Bobbie.", " ", "3. Started with a PM, and dumped them after 6 months or so in the 1st year. Now managing it myself.", 
" ", "You are not alone.  We are all in the same boat as you.  Most of my rentals are in J,J,A.  So I am waiting to see how those 3 months work out.  For the past five years, I have been wondering if and when there were going to be changes and I knew full well that I may not like the changes.", 
"Anyone who has used FK in the past year will see why Expedia will fail. Oddly enough FK may actually be improving.", 
"So yeah, I don't work for Tom Hale, but while we are on this ship together, our interests may be aligned somewhat. ", 
" ", " ", " ", "Your mileage may vary as this is a small window of time and we're at the beginning of service fee, but here's what jumps out to me. ", 
" ", "And a few more today?", " ", "Here's the definition from HA's T&C:", 
" ", "Hill", "Ditto Susaninrehoboth's comments above.  Having a variable fee disables any ability of ours to cover it.  Additionally, in my state (FL), I have to pay the taxes on this fee out of MY pocket since it is applied after all other fees.  That is, to be honest, morally wrong on their part.  ", 
" ", "The one and only way a dollar gets into their pocket is through the homeowner. Without a homeowner, there is no renter.", 
"all-log cabin that sleeps up to 10 with amenities like hot tub, arcade, slate pool table, private wooded setting, kitchen with stainless appliances and chiseled edge granite counters, double sided fireplace, heated bathroom floors, Jacuzzi tub etc, you get the idea", 
"There should be a safeguard against this occuring. ", " ", 
"How does this happen I wonder?  How did they deposit money in my account without first removing it from his account?  Lessons learned from this experience are", 
"Not really, at least not with the HA/VRBO platform which is easy to fake.", 
"Listing volume has grown and also there are other factors, such as BIN implementation and online booking ability, that if not isolated from the overall figures corrupt the data sets.", 
"When I looked at the demand per listing for your area and the booking window (the lead time), it's clear that in March, demand falls to it's lowest in the year, then picks back up in April, climbing in May, June, July. The booking window for non-ski season demand is relatively short (in 2015 - the average booking window was 68 days) but under best match, that has shifted dramatically to more like 21 days. So you are definitely feeling the shift of demand out from \"end of ski season\" to folks who want to be there in the spring/summer.  So I would expect that your sense of demand/bookings will pick up. Comparing you to the average in your market in terms of inquiry volumes you are right on average. Of course, this means that 1/2 of the properties are doing better than you. I'd attribute this to a) platinum listings above you and b) photo quality. The platinum listings have increased in your market by about 30%, so I'd suspect your competition is definitely having an impact. ", 
"That would be great.", "Wait until you want to dispute it - then they hit you up for $500 more to add salt to the wound.", 
"I think you could list how many hippos you would accept----as long as you didn't question the status quo......", 
" ", "VRBO /HomeAway and VacationRentals.com will require online bookings by the end of the year.", 
"I think owners who set-up BIN, HomeAway Payments and alternate payments have a right to feel misled and treated unfairly by HomeAway because their listings now have the traveler service fee and other listings don't.  Let's put the blame for this unfair situation directly where it belongs - on HomeAway - not on other owners.  We owners need to present a united front.  Listings without BIN and payments are being punished by HomeAway for not having them.  HomeAway's behavior in all of this is appalling.  I  don't know any other company who has treated its customers so badly. ", 
"Rate structure", "1011 W. Fifth St. Suite 300", "", " ", "1. would you be opposed to the service fee if HA eliminated the subscription fee?", 
"And Coscobay, have no clue what you were looking at on listings for Florida, PCB has 89 alone, 3 weeks ago had 27.", 
"In order to drive that number up (so they could eventually impose a fee on those transactions), they created the LQS and weighted online booking/HA payments as 20%! Of course a lot of owners wanted a perfect score, so they signed up. Drip, drip, drip …. that's how they did it. And here we are.", 
"But if the cc fee is removed, is there any reduction in service at Walmart?  No; so its sales taxable.", 
"So using your argument, Target would not owe sales tax on the entire $100; rather they would only owe sales tax on the $98 that hit Target's bank account.", 
"I then went back and tried buying some insurances...", "agreed", 
" ", "Watch South Park Online - HumancentiPad | Hulu", " ", 
"I don't know how I would respond. I haven't gotten an inquiry or booking through VRBO since the fee started. Past 2 years Easter week was booked.", 
"- directed all payments to go thru the HA credit card processing system", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " I will be waiting to see if I get a response or if suddenly my listing gets taken down. Homeaway used to be the best, but now, not so much brian. Obviously , owners have much at stake when their business is their home. I want you to know that for the first time, I removed my auto renew, cc details, and will not renew at platinum level but maybe at classic.", 
" ", "No, it isn't.  All they have to do is look for properties on other sites, then deactivate your HA/VRBO listing.  Not a big deal for me since I'm not going to renew next year with them anyway, and I hope most owners won't, but the principle of is is repugnant.", 
"Travelers aren't going to be happy to pay these fees and I predict many owners, such as me, will refuse to lower their rates to give vrbo money they haven't earned. I also predict that travelers will have absolutely no qualms about searching, selecting and booking vacation home rentals from other online sources that also provide the security of guarantees to them but at a lower or even no fee.", 
"I simply remarked about recommending that owners slip language into a listing.  Homeaway views this as an attempt to circumvent Homeaway terms and conditions, and is an action that has provoked Homeaway to send menacing notices to owners and, in some instances, suspend owners' listings.", 
"------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------", 
"tom ", "While we encourage all users to post only information that is truthful and accurate, HomeAway is not a fact finder and cannot be put in a position to determine the legitimacy of contributed content. All users should know that their contributed content could subject them to misrepresentation or defamation claims, which HomeAway will not moderate or arbitrate.", 
"HomeAway Vacation Rentals:", "Expedia = hotels. VRs = competition to the hotels, nuisance. Expedia wants to \"milk\" the VRs owners as much as possible, but ultimately Expedia does not want VRs to be in existence at all.  Make owners' lives miserable. fewer owner want to deal with this BS, less competition for Expedia's hotels. ", 
"I dont think that one can sue for defamation or libel in small claims court.  From what I know, small claims court is limited to actual damage that can be proven with a receipt.  For example, if I paid $2000 for a new fence and it fell down after a month.", 
"Okay, first of all, my business was not a mess and I've not had to have any attorney or a CPA fix anything for me.  And if you think these policies will change that anyway, I've got a bridge I'm selling.", 
" ", "Also, before donating a week, consult your tax pro so you're prepared for the consequences.", 
"I think that the real problem exists with the ongoing subscriptions at various levels.  I think the commission based system would have been more palatable if subscriptions were not part of the equation.  Whenever HA decided to go to this new system, they should have started to pro-rate subscriptions so that there was a clean break between one system and the other.  Mixing subscriptions and fees (both traveler fees and host fees) simply does not work.  When renewals come up, owners should be forced to go with the commission based system.  The subscription model should be phased out for HA.  Perhaps pro-rated refunds for subscriptions should be given so that a clean break can occur on a given date.", 
"What a conundrum I'm in. ", " ", " ", "Would love to join your private group, but am unable to send you a friend request....", 
"https://www.facebook.com/public/Sammy-Chloe    The profile pic is of a dog (dachshund) ", 
"Here's a page written by a vacation rental owner who is trying to start up a new listing site to combat the new direction the current sites are taken:", 
" ", "There is not any value for me in the promises being made.", 
"I think HA/VRBO is promising more than they can deliver ...both ways.....  They really aren't going to deliver more to travelers.  HA/VRBO is not going to put up a family in another beachfront home when something happened with their reservation had a problem (double booking, flood, whatever).   HA/VRBO thinks nothing of collecting $200 - 500 for a pricey reservation, but it's like paying a premium that has little/no payout.", 
" ", "I don't know how Best Western's business model works, but in the UK, I am pretty sure they built themselves up by absorbing small individual hotels, often family owned. Nowadays they seem to have more standardised looking establishments. Perhaps it's the same in the USA?", 
" ", "And is the cost for classic $399 or $349?  I thought about sending a check for $399.  I would need to verify the address.  I did that once and the listing was immediately downgraded to the lower level even though I had 2 more weeks to go at the platinum level. It was impossible to change. Bummer…", 
"Sadly...I have decided to no longer play the game.  We are half booked for the year and had hoped that the other half would be booked by May 1st when our subscription runs out.  But it is not.  So my husband and I have decided to let it go and not worry if we no longer get bookings from new renters.  In other words...it is what it is.  I am sorry that I ever added BIN to my listing and started to accept HA payments just to see how the system worked.  Not to mention, I was really troubled with the Yapstone security breach last fall and was worried for guests as well. ", 
"Probably get her listing deactivated for \"noncompliance\".", 
" ", " ", " ", "Scam button?", " ", " ", " ", "I received the notice on November 5, 2015.  ", 
"Also problematic is when dealing with a guest that booked using \"book it now\" the link VRBO asks me to click to acknowledge the first payment shows an amount that includes the service fee.  Since I do not participate with VRBO billing I have no idea if VRBO has been paid for the fee or not.  My HOA certainly didn't charge for the fee so I can not attest to its payment.", 
"No offense to the OP, galvestonbeach, but I do not believe the questions you ask are especially relevant to the current corporate management.", 
" ", "annual mortgage                         $12,000", 
"All that  - living 700 miles away from the property location. ", 
"Here is a fascinating \"story\" of how Airbnb came to be a company valued at $10 billion. ", 
" ", "If FK may be improving then there might be some hope for Expedia.  However, how long will this take is anyone's guess.", 
" ", "All that said...I am still very upset with the tactics used by HA to encourage or force people to accept the new commission based system.  If anything, those tactics would cause me to get out of the business sooner than later.  I frankly don't like doing business with people or companies that say one thing and do another.   Just seems unethical to me.  I don't like playing games. Seems like recently HA is playing the \"gotcha game\" and I really want no part of it.   While I think the addition of the response rate had merit, I do not understand the need for the addition of the acceptance rate.  And this whole \"Best Match\" thing is being used by HA so that they can do as they please since no one figure out what the H____it means.  Bottom line is that I think they might eventually learn their lesson, but it might be too late. If they lose inventory, they will lose travelers. But to discourage travelers right now from using the site might not be the best approach… IMHO…", 
"Think of Walmart posting a new sign on its front door: $200 cover charge to enter our store to shop today.  Regardless of how it is spun, the Walmart store would be as quiet as our HA inboxes are.", 
"NEWSFLASH CEO: My home IS NOT A HOTEL and I will not treat it as such. Bastages. ", 
"", "tom ", " ", "  ", "(c) \"Material Misrepresentation\" means that  a Protected Traveler has made a deposit (if required) and full payment to an Advertiser for a rental property that is listed on a HomeAway Site, (ii) within twelve (12) hours of first entering the subject property on the first day of the rental term, the Protected Traveler leaves the rental property and refuses to occupy the rental property due to the Material Non-Compliance (as defined below) of the rental property as compared to the description made in the listing on the HomeAway Site; (iii) the Protected Traveler’s deposit and/or payment is not refunded or is wrongfully withheld by the Advertiser, and (iv) the existence of the Material Non-Compliance of the rental property is subsequently confirmed by Us in Our reasonable discretion.", 
"Suppose this \"greed\" is coming from above them. Suppose, just for a moment, we are blaming Sharples and Hale, when the blame should go higher....to Expedia? Suppose Expedia's board of directors has issued a directive that said to HA executives, \"you have to do something immediately to increase your profit margins.\" Brian has outlined the destruction of the previous VacationSpot.com buyout which Expedia purchased, micro-managed, and dive-bombed it into non-existence. That was 17 years ago, and suppose nobody on the board at Expedia remembers that because the ones currently serving were not on the board then.", 
" ", " ", "Brian Sharples is steering this ship -- This is all his doing.  The traveler fee has been in the works for a very long time.  Last year when Bellm said \"we remain committed to no traveler fees\" -  it was in the works.  When Carl Shepherd said if the traveler is willing to pay 11% then they believe that should go to the owner....it was in the works.  Instant booking has been the works for a very long time.  All you have to do is pay attention and read carefully.  Every time they use the present tense such as \"we remain\" they are only referring to right now, today, this second only.  Every time they say today it means you will not have that ability in the near future.", 
" ", "I did not even mention a firepit in the private back yard, and a \"little log cabin playhouse\" for the kiddos. it is # 629999 if you want to see. ", 
" ", "Of course the same thing can occur by sending a cashier's check or a personal check.  However when sending a check, the traveler is mailing to a real address and that leaves a fraudster open to criminal traceability by providing a mailing address, which could include 20 years in prison for mail fraud.   So it is a deterent to fraudsters.", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", " ", " ", "Greed.  It's the phenomenon of today's marketplace.  Remember the banks and investment companies making record profits, the executives making hundreds of millions or even billions...on the failure of others?", 
" ", "", "Example: 3% contacts/view could be 30,000 contacts per million views or 3,000 contacts per 100,000 views.   ", 
"", "", " Here is a table to help you calculate the service fee based on the sum of your rental cost + fees.  Taxes, HA insurance, and deposit are not included.  ", 
"Austin, TX 78703", "Apparently the program that is supposed to display the fee has major bugs.  Here's an example of an owner -- not a PM -- with HA payments who somehow also avoids having a detailed quote appear:", 
"Sigh.  ", " ", "Love how negative some of you folks are, bet you are real peaches to be around.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "My property has been listed on Airbnb for several years and using one hand, I can count the number of bookings received. As an owner, I don't like their ridiculous cancellation policy. Additionally, I sometimes receive bookings more than a year in advance. Airbnb thinks they can hold onto my money until after a guest checks in - more than a year away.", 
"It's the premier rental site, they have name recognition, and they offer (according to other forum members, not based on my personal experience) superior services and support to owners.", 
"Kyle is kidnapped after agreeing to an iTunes user agreement, and forced to become part of a \"revolutionary new product\" that is about to be launched by Apple.", 
"Edited…TMI", "Okay so you cite fraud and security but in reality you do nothing to screen new properties that go up on the site?  Other booking/listing sites require a utility bill or hold funds in escrow until check-in time or until the first few rentals are completed.  Putting in two-factor authentication with Google authenticator would shut down nearly all man in the middle attacks.  ", 
"- required renters to purchase a $79 non-refundable insurance policy", 
"Secrets - Thanks for the bitgold suggestion; I'll check them out. That notification came in the September statement they emailed to me.", 
"Anyone else see the same?", "I'm pretty sure this info is exactly what I want, and since HA has this data but has chosen not to share it, I can only guess that it's not good news.", 
"Doesnt really matter - sounds like a great resolution on all sides.", 
"If you had a liqueur store and the landlord started charging each visitor to your store a fee to enter what would happen to your revenue?", 
"Are you tell me that you convert 25% of all inquires?", " ", 
"This is a current pic of my Inquiries column.  Bottom dash is last September.  The \"3\" is the \"totals\" for 2016, with the 2 being January and the 1 being March.  No bookings.  This follows a first year, 2013, successful year (summer season here); 2014 showing an increase and full booking and me being thrilled with VRBO ...and then a dramatic drop in the fall of 2014 - when these changes 'to bring us more bookings' began - and this screenshot is of Sept. 2015 to present (and we are in the height of the booking season right now).  I had had inquiries every single month, even the off-season...until last Sept. and then it was basically six straight months of no inquiries (barring the whopping 3 so far this year)!", 
"repugnant is the perfect word.", " ", " ", "", "carol wrote:", 
"", "They are shifting from Owner being their customer, to Traveler being their customer. Nuff said.", 
"Except hotels are not happy with the percent they have to pay Expedia when someone books through Expedia. Hotel chains have marketing campaigns to book direct.", 
" ", " ", "I will continue to take checks and prefer them, and even discount rates if renters use them.  But I will also take cc transactions thru PayPal or BIN. I will do what the renter wants. ", 
"If you rent daily, try 7th night FREE if you rent 6. Or, if you have shorter gaps, try to say FREE cleaning or whatever.  I think FREE stands out more than 25% off, even though it may amount to the same $$$. ", 
" ", "I think the commission based system would have been more palatable if subscriptions were not part of the equation.  ", 
"The revenue management functionality of Airbnb is OUTSTANDING and if the people on these boards understood what this tool actually is they would be delighted to have it at their discretion to use. It is designed to optimize rentals and encourage 100% utilization of the individual properties by providing take-it-or-leave-it guidance as to what price would book their property, in their specific market, at any particular time. It is based upon real time supply and demand in micro-markets and factors in competitor pricing, historical booking activity and current vacation shopper demand. Hotels, cruise lines, airlines, etc use this very expensive technology to ensure that there are as many heads in beds, butts in seats, etc to keep their assets as utilized as possible. Why can't HA provide us with the same? We are paying them a subscription fee after all.....", 
"People like to know what they are buying.  Right now the term \"Best Match\" makes no sense since it cannot be explained.  It is a mix of a subscription and fee based system and IMHO simply does not work. ", 
"Click on joan1,  the profile box will appear. At the lower right of the dark gray box is an \"add friend\" box. Click that, wait for Joan to approve.", 
" ", " ", "The last few bookings you accepted appeared to be \"edited\" online booking request that were sent. In this case, it doesn't count as either an accept or decline so that's why you're not seeing a change in your numbers.", 
" ", " ", "Star, bubbles, ice cream cones, whatever. THe symbol used is not important to me.", 
" ", "(I do realize people may have expenses that are perfectly legitimate, and may simply be struggling at a certain point in time, but I don't think the majority of requests for discounts are coming from a true need . . . ).  ", 
" ", " ", "I have indeed written something in the description that counters the HA wording.  It does not remove the wording, but might help.  I have also found out something else that is a helpful tactic.  I cannot describe here for obvious reasons.  But when there is a will, there is a way.  ", 
"Shenandoah Grand Lodge - YouTube", "I found a guy in California that will design and engineer such a system; maybe one day.", 
"I have asked HA for an explanation in the drop in my pageviews and inquiries (via email), and I have heard nothing back.  Also, listing quality seems to have dropped below 80 (one of the break points in frequency) for no reason at all.", 
"Just got the same exact scam yesterday. they want to pay by check..how convenient!", 
"Then, after sending that, report their inquiry as spam so your numbers aren't hurt.", 
"How do they do that? Anyone know? The inquiry came in like all others.  Fortunately I didn't respond. I was suspicious right away. But even so, what is with the huge page view count runup???? ", 
"Join the Vacation Rental Website created BY Owners FOR Owners!", 
"I Am Platinum with bundles, the highest level of subscription, and I never received it or the letter that was apparently sent out yesterday. ", 
"The correct course is to find another platform", "Remember, HA was born about 12 years ago by financial guys looking to \"roll up\" a package of smaller VR websites. For example, they started in 2005 acquiring Cyberrentals and A1 Vacations, followed soon after with the 2006 acquisition of VRBO. In more recent years they borrowed money and did a public stock offering to acquire additional vacation rental advertising websites throughout the world.", 
"I try to rein in my absurd sense of humor (I've had it remarked on many times . . . ), but occasionally I can't resist.", 
"community annual HOA dues       $9,000", "Just got out of the hole last year :-)", 
" ", "However, at this point, I don't believe that I have a choice.  If I get more rentals this year, I surely will not complain.  This is a wait and see situation. ", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", "I would be shocked if our complaints had any effect on travelers.  The travelers have reacted to the implementation of the Service Fee.  Owners going to other sites is just us trying to figure out where the travelers are booking.  Owners who book many months in advance just haven't seen the full effect yet.  Those with very short booking windows (1-2 months) have seen bookings completely evaporate overnight (on Feb. 18)", 
"I Happen to know a person who has had great success in recent weeks with $375 a night bookings on Airbnb for a very high end property........ True story. ", 
"I will never, ever, ever, under ANY circumstances allow my home to be instantly bookable or even allow the decision making of who books my home to be made my by anybody but myself. Ever. Sorrynotsorry", 
"1. Demand (as measured by bookings) is up 54% this year over last year.  This is VERY healthy growth as travelers are booking more often, paying on our platform more often, and are paying the service fee. ", 
"Retrieving data ...", "Q:  How many customer service representatives does it take to change a light bulb?", 
"The lack of February bookings for VRBO ##### is due to the lack of calendar availability in peak season for the Denver Mountain area.", 
"I. \"Material Non-Compliance\" is defined as  Material defects in the subject property that are not disclosed in the listing and are of such an extent and duration that occupancy under normal usage conditions is impossible, as noted and documented by a Protected Traveler and/or (ii) the material failure or complete absence of goods or services or facilities that are part of the subject property that were described in the listing and that constituted an actual and material inducement to the Protected Traveler’s rental of the subject property, as noted and documented by a Protected Traveler. For the avoidance of doubt, and in addition to the general restrictions and limitations described elsewhere in these Terms, the term \"Material Non-Compliance\" DOES NOT INCLUDE a Protected Traveler’s refusal to take possession of leased premises arising from or on the grounds of  The cleanliness of the rental property; (ii) Minor or immaterial defects of the subject property in relation to the description in the listing including, without limitation, differences to the extent of: (1) the actual orientation of the subject property; (2) the actual overall habitable surface area of the subject property being immaterially different than the description the in the listing; and (3) a temporary defect of or within the subject property or attached services (such as failure of the air conditioning, internet, phone service, grill, hot tub, or swimming pool).", 
" ", "I have had not push back re the Fee.  My  bookings are in line with previous years (maybe a bit ahead).", 
"I don't think anyone would have been as upset by a $25-$75 fee, depending upon price, but to add an additional $200 to one of our summer weeks with no substantive benefit to the traveler puts us at a real disadvantage.  And a fee that slides all the way up to $499 - are you crazy?!", 
" ", "Thus far, I have been unable to wrap my head around the logic of unilaterally implementing game-changing business decisions that potentially (negatively) impact the very customer base upon which all revenue is generated without the consent of or proper notice to the stakeholders (think homeowners). Again, without the homeowner, there is no renter.  I feel browbeaten and disrespected. And no, I am no victim as one poster incorrectly hypothesized above. ", 
"u0999 Your place is beautiful! $200 seems ridiculously cheap for all that i am seeing", 
"I have some accounts online in which I make payments for some bills and I am always required to input my account details *twice* before confirming the transaction. ", 
" ", " ", "Does anyone else have delays getting travelers sign and return the rental agreements? The minority of travelers turn around pretty quickly, but getting the signed rental agreement from most is like pulling teeth. I have to send multiple reminders, and in several cases I had to send email that I will not release property address and check in information until I receive the signed agreement. ", 
"Are you isolating properties who haven't made any significant changes in these areas and comparing them together, as a group, to formulate trend data? This is the only true way to back up your claims that bookings haven't dropped, by doing a true apples to apples comparison. ", 
"In terms of booking requests, these are up 50% in your market year over year and these tend to be short lead time bookings.", 
" ", "WTF?  do they do nothing to safeguard their transactions??", 
"\"", " ", "I have been content to ride the wave as all of their changes haven't affected my rentals.  Search order doesn't bother me etc.  ", 
"  ", "floridabeachsunset.com was able to put together a table showing the breakpoints for the various percentages as a function of the rental rates. (THANK YOU!).", 
" ", "Sleep to the Sound of Crashing Waves - VRBO", "same here. At least my county web site does provide for owners to list, when you supply your Tax ID. However, my town's website didn't even reply to me when I asked how to list - I see all the PMs are listed there. ", 
"2. If the eliminated the subscription fee, would you be willing to pay a fee for premium positioning?", 
"No, no.  I've been defending HE from folks here saying it's too small, has no listings, etc., by saying we have to get it going somehow.  VHR is taking advantage of this huge mistake by HA, calling people, offering discounts, etc.   I am bothered by the lack of that from HE, their lack of a push by seeing an opportunity here.  ", 
"Edited to add : BM was instituted in Oct/Nov and HA explicitly told us that listings with online booking would do better in the search results. This is before the fee. They told us the more we convert, the better we'll do in the search. I'm sure that got a lot of owners who were sitting on the fence, ok with their 80% LQS (which had no effect of sort/search order) to sign up for online booking/HA Payments/Alt payments.", 
"Same with cc's at a VR.  Same with any other fee at a VR, including booking fees, cleaning fees, a/c fees, etc.", 
" ", " ", "HomeAway is also holding that money now.  ", " ", 
"Thanks for the warning.  I'm good.  ", "Sorry…I cannot help you.  I have no idea what is going on with your calendar.  When I block dates, I don't say why.  Perhaps the fact that you added some wording, might lead the system to think you are adding a name to the calendar.  I cannot think of any other reason.  My calendar is kept blank with no notations other than blocked dates.  ", 
"vrdoctor wrote:", "- maintained a near or perfect score on the scorecard", 
" ", "I'm wondering why some of the ones (not all ) that use prop mgrs don't show the service fee. ", 
"I understand  your position. I was just stating my observation that listing levels did create more views, but not more inquiries.  What if HA provided you this info:", 
" ", " ", "jfriedkin wrote:", "Mark and Jenny", " ", " ", 
"Home away has, in my opinion, grossly over estimated and miscalculated the \"traveler loyalty\" to their websites and brand(s) that they cite. ", 
"There has been discussion about this in several threads in this forum as well as other online owner groups.  ", 
"So, HA's legal counsel only responds when in the process of litigation?   Then exactly why does my T&C provide contact information for Legal counsel and tell me to contact them?  And I must file a lawsuit to demand that they follow one of the clauses in their T&C? ", 
" ", "Property listing descriptions must relate to the property.", 
"Owner's haven't been customers for quite some time we are: suppliers ", 
" ", "I need the receipt to sue in small claims court, and the only remedy I can ask for is the total amount of the receipt and no more.", 
"Second, 1) I don't have an agreement with HA/VRBO about this garbage in place . They change their terms on a whim, on a daily basis, and certainly do not honor anything they don't wish to; 2) obviously I can no longer make booking and administrative decisions about my business any longer, so long as I'm with HomeAway or AirBnb.  They have overtaken that role of mine and now penalize us owners if we do NOT hand such control over to them.", 
" ", "Good ideas. Thanks.", "People like to know what they are buying.  Right now the term \"Best Match\" makes no sense since it cannot be explained.  It is a mix of a subscription and fee based system and IMHO simply does not work. ", 
" ", " ", "Hi there:", "Count me in. ", " ", "Vacation Rentals under Threat", 
" ", "I rent approx 16-18 weeks each year.  ", " ", "Can't a bad guest just start a new profile? Or use husband second time, instead of wife? ", 
"As far as I understand it. many of the older UK hotels are sometimes still run by the original owners or franchises. One \"Owner\" was very recently interviewed on national radio, effectively saying that the BW chain were not allowed to advertise room rates on their own web-sites below Booking.com's advertised rates. ", 
"We've heard about this guy.   He makes these \"trade\" requests frequently.  I wonder if anyone falls for it?", 
"Has anyone sent a check and know the address?  I know there is a PO box but also one where you can get a signature of receipt. ", 
"If potential renters pass us by because of the alert that has been posted on our listing, then perhaps they were not all that interested in the first place.  You really have to want to stay in the middle of nowhere, a concept that is not for everyone. There is only one other listing in my area that has a similar alert.  That listing also has a 5-digit listing number as we do.  That owner has been a fierce competitor from day one.  But unfortunately she wanted to fight rather than join forces and share or recommend when one or the other of us got booked.", 
" ", "Call tomorrow and ask why. today I was told that my listing was too long (imagine that ha ha) but it's thorough and has been very successful. In my own A/B testing it proved itself to be successful and has drawn in lots of bookings since. I was cautioned to remove any wording that suggested people book outside of the system (by the technical support guy) but since I don't accept payments outside of the system, there isn't anything like that in there. I thought it was annoying, FYI. ", 
" ", " ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", "Ol' Pablo Alvarez was trying to get my house, I think! ", 
"UnitedVacation.Rentals is designed from the ground up to meet the needs of Vacation Rental Owners and their Guests!", 
"Of course not. Are you kidding? ", "Never, ever, give any one company all of the control over the marketing of your business.  It just sets you up for this.", 
"So, the business model was to buy other websites (and their property listing accounts), to consistently grow revenues by acquiring other companies. This is called a \"roll up\" model and is very common across a wide range of industries.Expedia's recent acquisition of HA is simply an extension of what has been happening for the past 12 years, larger companies acquiring smaller ones.", 
" ", "prop taxes                                   $2,000", 
"Nice work.", "Airbnb - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia", "I Paid to be on Trip Advisor/Flipkey/Home lettings.uk, then they did the same thing they Amalgamated into One that completely wiped me out............Another Load of Nonsnse.", 
"One (or more than one) of the online booking sites says that you much rent your VR using their terms. If you make the traveler sign an agreement outside of the online service, the service has a right to boot you off. But with this who \"traveler guarantee\" that negate your agreement with the traveler?", 
"GIven that this is a closed forum, open only to HA and subscribers of HA, how does any post on this forum hurt your Canadian rental? I'm obviously missing something here. ", 
"scottr wrote:", "I Would hope that C- level executives as busy working this out and not developing a \"hit list\" of owners to try and silence, that probably would have some legal ramifications in the United States. Not sure about Canada, but I'm pretty sure about if here. ", 
"Retrieving data ...", "", "Since today has been such a serious, downer type of day on here, this just struck me as funny and something I might say.", 
" ", "  ", "There's no way my rental agreement would permit occupation for 12 hours.  That's just silly.", 
"Now, suppose you are Brian Sharples and Tom Hale and your introduction to your new bosses is a very directed conversation in which you're told your jobs are on the line unless you bring profit margins up drastically. Not only \"up\", but you're given a number that seems absolutely unreal as they are demanding more than a 10% increase in the bottom line, or your jobs may be gone. They instruct Customer Service representatives that a firestorm of push-back is coming from both travelers and owners, but this is the only way the company can survive, and the only way they can keep a paycheck, is to support the Service Fee initiative. Suppose they tell their CS reps, \"We don't care WHAT you tell them or how creative you have to get so long as you don't make us liable in any way for what is said. Just convince them to PAY it!! That is now your job. Convince both traveler and owners this fee must be paid. Seriously....your job.....all our jobs depend on it.\"", 
" ", ">Additionally, in my state (FL), I have to pay the taxes on this fee out of MY pocket since it is applied after all other fees. <", 
"Last year (before Expedia buyout) Sharples said to investors that their main focus is how to monetize both the traveler and supplier side.  Later Sharples said he decided to sell before the implementation of the traveler fee because he felt that Expedia has the expertise to quickly execute the plan, and complete the shift from an advertising platform to a transactional one.", 
" ", "Thank you, but r there are thousands of properties in my market that I compete with, and that is not counting time-shares, condos, hotels. \"resorts\", motels. I look at my competition pricing too. If I had mountain views, I could charge a LOT more. Like properties on the beach are a lot more than properties that are 2 blocks form the beach.  ", 
" ", "", "This is my first sour experience in 3 years with Reservation Manager's payment process but now I know it's possible and want other owners to know it's a possible scenario as well.", 
" ", " ", " ", "I honestly believe that is what is going on here.  ", 
"No, they dont.  They check the CC #, the 3 digit code, and the zip.  Thats it.", 
"OZ'S VOICE:", "I would love to see the nation-wide raw number of contacts and views. ", 
"This is the kind of move that boxes an owner into a corner where they MUST find an alternative and will force the issue of causing a mass migration to an alternative site thereby creating their own competition.  They will look back with hindsight and realize too late that this was the straw and we are the camels.", 
"I seriously doubt that any of the \"decision makers\" at Homeaway monitor these sites BUT IF THEY DO....Yes.....The new service fee is surely excessive for a company that has seen huge revenues/profits in recent years.  I can understand starting with a 1 or 2% fee and increasing it incrementally over time but a 9% fee right off the bat.....REALLY?  There are other web-related platforms out there and many of us already advertise on free sites like Craigslist and can easily arrange to take checks in advance.    My vacation rental pays for itself but there is not much left after that in terms of profits.  I am on subscription and was already paying about 5-6% a year from my total rental income.....not to mention another 2.9% for credit card fees.  And now, they want to charge my potential guests another 9% for most of the short term rentals.  I have already seen a decrease in my bookings and am sure I'll see many more.  Had someone inquire about a 10 day stay and the fee was over $100.  I'm sure I'll never hear back from them.  They say that those paying by the booking saw a decrease from 10% to 8% for each booking but only say that those with subscriptions will see a \"price change\" soon with more news to come in April.  Does that include a decrease or increase in our subscription costs?  This is insane in my opinion.  I predict Homeaway will see a decrease in their annual revenues/profits in the years to come as a direct result of this decision.  The few times that I have had to contact them required about a 10-15 minute wait on hold until someone answered the phone.  They will rank right up there with Comcast and Time Warner Cable with their customer service in the near future as well.  One word.....Disappointed!!!       ", 
" ", "There is also an email address and phone number -- legal@homeaway.com and (512) 684-1100", 
"If you try to get a detailed quote, you don't see any breakout of the service fee, just an asterisk saying taxes and fees are additional.  Wouldn't we all like to be able to do this? ", 
"Our local chamber of commerce has listing opportunities but they are pricey, last I checked it was $600, and I'm not convinced the site draws much interest.  I have noted two properties on my street listed on the chamber's site and their calendars do not impress me.  It could be the properties themselves - neither compares to mine (lol!), but I am not prepared to give the chamber $600 without more consideration.  The state tourism board could enrich itself by starting an owner listing site, but so far they listen to me politely, but remain uninterested.  I expect the monies from hotels, realtors, PMs, and other corporate interests outweigh my proposal. ", 
" ", " ", "Of course.  And, can you blame them?  It was a raving success.", 
"You haven't posted anything indicating that owners are responsible for paying taxes on something purchased from another entity, such as Target or HomeAway. That's where your disconnect lies, in my opinion. It is the sale of a product, use of the listing site, from HomeAway to the traveler; similar to the sale of a float from Target to the guest swimming in my pool. It is the seller, HomeAway and Target who are responsible for collecting and paying those taxes. Please post a link indicating otherwise.", 
"Unfortunately we all know that is not the case; Target collects $7 from the \"ENTIRE SALE AMOUNT\", and forwards that on to the state DOR.", 
"", " ", "Homeaway itself acknowledges it is taking on Airbnb.  ", 
"I have downloaded all my reviews.  ", " ", " ", " ", "I hope HA/VRP know what they're doing. I will be actively looking for an alternative for international processing. They need to keep in mind that 4.5% of nothing is much less than 3.75% of the regular amount.", 
" ", " ", "As far as the neighbor, its possible that they live in the building year-round.  In that case, they may WANT to upset the STR clientele.  Im sure they hate STRs and Im sure this type of disruption is common; NIMBY and all that.  Maybe they purposely are doing the remodel after the slow season???", 
"Every dollar a traveler pays homeaway is one less dollar they can pay you.  Nothing is free, it just seems that way.", 
" ", " ", "I'd call this an unmitigated disaster:", "exclusivity clauses are not enforceable in many states. ", 
" ", "I Wasnt addressing you. It sounded like it from the original post and I was trying to clear that up. Peace. ", 
"", "Except that the fraudster would not have had Bill pay through HA payments, so Bill would NOT have been covered by your guarantee.", 
"Property listings should not direct travelers to third-party websites.", 
"Wow Carol....this is really bad. Why would HA want that....it only hurts them if a guest writes a bogus review on a good owner/property for the sole purpose of extortion. I mean if the property gets a bad review (erroneously) the property receives less inquiries because of it. Owner AND HA suffer? Doesn't make any sense and will definitely continue to decrease their inventory (as they like to call it)", 
"Wouldn't it be a kicker if enough large hotel chains cut out the majority of their bookings through Expedia and owners with listings on HA sites stop didn't renew?", 
" ", " ", "Additionally, I will not take money orders - no way Jose'.  I will also not allow wire transfers. ", 
"I agree about the \"FREE\" language.  You could also add a \"book by X for dates in Y and get Z free\" to prompt people to pull the trigger on booking.", 
"Hi there:", "I dont agree.", "Hotels, airlines etc are completely different as they have lots of identical seats/spaces to shift and it doesn't matter to them whether which of the identical seat they discount so long as they sell all their seats and the average seat price is the best they can get. Yes AirBnb will do very well if all their owners obey their pricing suggestions as they will on average get more bookings through their site and make more commissions for themselves. For an individual owner who only has one space to sell and it is different from others, it is an entirely different calculation. You want to sell your one space when the price is highest and let your competitors sell when the price is low.", 
" ", "sent you a friend request", "Sammy Chloe should be at the top of the list on that link.  Click on it and send a friend request.   Then I'll accept it, and then add you to the FB group to discuss these issues.", 
" ", "And to preanswer the question of why it doesn't count, we're working on it.", 
" ", "It's one thing to require payment of a modest Service Fee with the idea that the person is paying for the service (like buying concert tickets thru TicketMaster.).    BUT....HA/VRBO are claiming this Book With Confidence, with a large sliding scale....which implies to the high-end traveler that they're essentially paying a $200 -500 insurance premium that will SAVE THEIR VACATION if a property has been misrepresented or is a fraud or some other disaster.   ", 
"Yes, as long as they have a different email address or maybe someone else in their party reserves the next place.  But as these reviews become more common, as they have always been on AirBnB, you might do what I do there -- refuse to rent to anyone without at least one review.   ", 
" ", "I Also had one from him, called me several times, his last name begins with \"S\". Beware.", 
" ", " ", "Actually everything I did since this HA alert appeared, must have helped.  I had three inquiries yesterday, but unfortunately none were the right fit for my rental. I hadn't had an inquiry in a couple of weeks.    ", 
"rrroae wrote:", "Wouldnt it be great if we could talk about model trains and VR videos instead of the constant beating we are taking from HA ", 
"With the poor year over year comparison, it sure seems like there is a breach of contract with subscribers, as many of us are seeing the same poor performance out of HA.", 
".I know it's robo probably since I couldn't accommodate the dates completely and they ignored that critical piece of info...", 
"I am putting this out as a discussion, so people can add their own solutions to the service fee.  Please just add alternatives to our guests paying the service fee in this discussion, rather than adding complaints about the service fee.  I think most owners of properties would agree that the service fee is not good for business, and our guests don't get anything close to what they are paying for in this service fee.  I also noticed that the credit card fees for transactions were raised to 2.9% in recent times so the owners are losing a little more in each transaction.  It is unlikely we are going to see a reversal of either of these policies, although that would be the best solution, so I came to the realization that nothing is stopping us owners from using another credit card processing company while continuing to advertise on VRBO or HomeAway.  Going to another vacation rental website was considered by me but I couldn't see any that any had the high profile of VRBO and HomeAway.", 
"", " ", "To dwareham.  Expedia purchased the H/A family and changed the way they do business.  Many of us tried for three months to get them to change.", 
"I can't tell you how relieved I am to see you (someone else) say this!!!", 
"The roll up strategy described above is about numbers. Using a growth through acquisition model does produce higher annual revenue numbers.", 
"As far as calling Homeaway an Airbnb wannabe, I think that's apparent to everyone, including Homeaway.  It may not be flatttering, but it's accurate, and in my opinion, humorous.", 
"housekeeping                              $2,000", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "For starters this forum is 100% public.", 
" ", "I think you may be suprised. I was speaking with Joe Gebbia, the founder of Airbnb a few weeks ago and I asked him about the thousands of New York hosts who they kicked off the platform in January. He responded that the media blew that out of all proportion and they remove hosts, especially those with multiple listings, all the time. The ones in New York were just the only ones to make the press because so many were removed in one go. ", 
"A little bit louder now ... Let your voice be heard.", "2. The average booking amount is about the same in 2016  and 2014. I can't give away the exact figures but its surprisingly high. Think about a weeklong stay in a nice whole house vacation rental for a ball park. ", 
"", "A:  One to incorrectly diagnose the problem, two to repeat the first rep's notes to the customer, and one to inform the customer that the ", 
"Supporting Data:", "My problem with \"unable to gain access to the property\" is that AirBnB lumps that in with a snow storm in Chicago preventing them from checking in in FL.", 
" ", "A few things:", " ", " ", "Whether they realize it or not, we the homeowners, are high value customers to HA, and not their employees. Taking the focus away from appeasing their high value customer base is a very shortsighted, and perhaps strategic, decision. For a traveler to generate the same amount of revenue to HA that a single homeowner does would require an extremely unrealistic expenditure on annual vacation rentals. Quite honestly, those folks don't have the ability to take that much time off of work or spend that kind of money on vacations. If they did, they wouldn't be renting vacation homes on vrbo, they would be sailing on their own yachts or living in their own vacation homes year round. Do the math. ", 
"They already balk at $110 cleaning fee, are you kidding me? I started out at listing cleaning fee as $85, $95 and so on gradually raising it to what my housekeeper actually charged. So for a while I had to pay the difference out of my pocket. The high cleaning fee is a double edge sword as many travelers start to expect a surgical room sterile cleanliness if they paid $X for the cleaning fee. ", 
" The usual protocols for 'logging' into online systems, using either emails as user names or passwords,  commonly requires entering the data *twice*.....and there is no penalty for mishaps...only a message to re-enter data.   ", 
"Yes of course this deposit slip suggestion wont always work.  I alwawys prefer a check in the mail 60+ days in advance.  I was responding to a last-minute booking.  If someone wants to stay starting tomorrow night and the owner wants to accomodate the guest, then one very safe method would be to email a local bank name & address to the guest.  Then when he is on the way to the VR, he can deposit the payment directly into my bank account.", 
" ", "Started the CudaSign electronic signature service, maybe that will help. Sent it to one guest already, but they are not doing that either. ", 
"my property, for example, has been online bookable since 2011 and I signed up for BIN at the first opportunity when you rolled it out. My numbers and analytics are remarkably similar to the charts displayed above and clearly show a sharp decline in page views, zero contacts and two bookings, which are not bookings but time blocks I have placed on my property for maintenance and family use of my home. And my country of residence (where my home is) is also showing a steep decline in conversions and bookings. ", 
"However I can understand how you might feel as the timing of your demand has changed to be more \"last minute\" than you would feel comfortable with. And the expanse of empty calendar is scary. But mid march is the absolute low in terms of demand in your market. That is the dominant factor, with the density of platinum and I suspect photo quality. ", 
" ", " ", " ", "carol wrote:", " ", "  ", "I've replaced my chart with his:", 
"However, typically you must contact anyone via mail to preserve your rights.  ", 
"", "It is county, not sure it is sponsored by chamber or not. Free if you pay local tax. ", 
"3. What benefits would make you \"okay\" with the service fee if they trickled back to you? (For example, Airbnb provides (?) $1.5 million of liability/damage insurance to people who rent out their homes/bedrooms/ floor space thru them; they, in certain locations, send out professional photographers to take photos of the property for free, they provide a decent \"resume\" that is \"verified\" of the prospective renter to you at the time of booking request, they don't penalize you (I don't think) for turning somebody down, they provide OPTIONAL guidance (based on real market supply-demand) on what rental rates would likely rent your property at any given time. ", 
"I think I was also freaked out by cmrentals's comments.  But...really nice to hear you've had some responses!  Making me reconsider.", 
"Yes it was. Gotta give HA credit for that. They executed their strategy very well.", 
" ", " ", "Tax remains at $162.", "I really dislike AirBinb.  I couldn't believe it when I cancelled ONE reservation and got a notice from AirBnb that, if I cancel another within six months, they have the right to suspend my listing.  ", 
" ", "I keep all my booking information in a spreadsheet, not relying on HA's RM", 
"Anybody else have a clue as to what this is?  ", "Okay so you cite fraud and security but in reality you do nothing to screen new properties that go up on the site?  Other booking/listing sites require a utility bill or hold funds in escrow until check-in time or until the first few rentals are completed.  Putting in two-factor authentication with Google authenticator would shut down nearly all man in the middle attacks. ", 
"i was not aware that there were \"rules\" that I needed to follow, these actions have just been my chosen way of administering my property, because it gave me the most sense of security and was the easiest way for me to administrate the rental of my home. ", 
"Secrets,", " ", "Platinum    500 Views/mo      25  Inquiries/mo", 
"I assumed he would want the whole amount refunded by his original reply when I told him about the construction. Guess I'll never learn assuming is a bad idea.", 
"This analogy is the best I've heard! Precisely what is happening here.", 
"Mike", "How many owners out there are willing to pay the tax on HA's service fee, show of hands please.... crickets.", 
" ", " ", "Once this traveler awareness occurs, homeowners will begin to see an immediate drop in page views and bookings and will see a rise in bookings from alternate sources and websites, which will erase ANY loyalty their primary customer base (home owners) have that they haven't already eroded thus far. ", 
"All good.  I thought your remarks were directed to me - my error.  ", 
"I continue to be dumbfounded by how tone-deaf HA is.   ", 
"That is correct. Sadly, if Bill had paid directly, he would be out. This is one of the reasons consumers increasing choose to book directly with homeaway: it provides them safety and security and confidence.", 
"", "Except they are counting on having more inventory than they need for the number of renters they will see in a year.", 
"In fact, when I have, in the past, booked hotel rooms thru Expedia, I am given the worst rooms in the hotel and when I've complained, they have explained to me that they have a special section for Expedia, Priceline, Hotwire rooms that are \"less than\" the standard rooms because the negotiated rates are so low. They squeeze their hotel chain suppliers so much that they give inferior service to the guests. Squeezing us will result in.... Everybody leaving vrbo. Which protects their hotel business because that's their core revenue stream anyway. They are trying to kill this market. It's clear to me. ", 
"For defamation or libel, there is no receipt.", "As for legally, again, I don't see any of what HA's done holding up in a Court of law.  They are not competing. They're dictating while offering no options or free marketplace competition.  In addition, I think it is arguable that what both of these companies have done is, in essence, perpetrated a massive property grab, and as far as I know, only the government is able to employ Eminent Domain, not private companies, and even then it - in theory, if not always in practice - is rare and has to be done for compelling, common-good reasons.", 
" ", "Before paying for the Special Offer try changing your headline to offer a deal. I had success filing a last minute cancellation last year without the any added expense. ", 
" ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", "Today, Platinum listings get significantly more demand than Gold listings, which get more than silver, and so on, all the way down to commission based listings.", 
"Ok....I've tried adding all the posters as friend who've I've \"liked\" their request.  ", 
" ", "I suggest reading the whole thing, but here are some excerpts:", 
"Thank you. I just added you as a friend so I will be allowed to PM you once you approve, then I can send you the listing number and relevant info.", 
"I want to advertise my home, not offer it up for management.   ", 
" ", "The idea I mentioned below about establishing a \"trusted traveler\" program would help to minimize the problems discussed above.  It would also help reduce the current friction and sharp drop in inquiries we're currently suffering with as a result of the new \"service fee.\"", 
"He finished the interview by telling anyone who was considering booking with any Best Western hotel, and after they had checked with Booking.com or any web-site, to call the hotel of their choice. Speaking for himself, he said they will always at the very least match the price, and for sure give far better service and choices. He wasn't willing to name his own hotel (I wonder why) but a quick phone call from any traveler at the end of their search should be worth the extra time they had spent researching.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "Edited…", "For those that joined VRBO under the original owner, we developed our own ways of doing things and change is difficult at best.  I think the thing that bothers me the most is not the traveler service fee, but the unethical tactics used by HA/VRBO when moving from the subscription based listing site to the commission-based listing site. I know that the hiding of contact info will be next so we need to move on. It makes me mad when they say one thing and do another.  ", 
"Fixed it for you", " ", " ", "What bothers me is when I have called VRBO/HA the agents tell me my placement is based on length of time with them.  Well tonight 8 out of 11 have been with them since 2013 and one rental has just signed up in 2015.  So that statement is definitely false.", 
"Be aware that they're also using \"american-sounding\" names to sound less foreign....or pretending to be from \"more trust-worthy countries\" like Sweden, in hopes that we'll think, \"gee this person is from Sweden....ok...I'll help them out and cash their check.\"  lol", 
" ", "", "Your Vacation Rental will be shown at its absolute best in a clean, modern interface designed to show off your property and impress your Guests. The site features big beautiful photos and a simple to navigate design.", 
"IT WILL NOT CHANGE. The fee is here and it is NOT going away.  H/A IS manipulating potential guests to selected property inorder to gain as much fee as they can(BEST MATCH).  H/A does not care about you and your property. You will be punished for noncompliance of their new rules.", 
" ", "A different type of business strategy, albeit more old fashioned, is one where a company grows by offering its customers products and services which they like and want to continue purchasing. This is called organic growth. Galvestonbeach your questions about customers, respect, communication etc... would be more appropriate for a company with an organic growth model rather than a roll up company which grows via acquisition.", 
" ", "annual repairs/maintenance          $2,000", 
"So, really, you need a line item there for \"finished building the actual house\"  Impressive", 
"the times, they are a-changing.....", "Heres a Message to the Boss if he is Listening, for the few thousand Old Timers still around, apart from the Millions he already has, Leave us alone, surely it would be no skin of there nose, or beyond there capabilities, to some how keep us Happy by bringing the old scheme back, it would stop us all moaning, and Promote a lot of Good will if we went back to Vaca.tion Rentals By Owner", 
"I know it's a legal question and I am not asking legal advice - I'll ask my attorney. I am asking for a jury of my peers to give their OPINIONS. This disclaimer applies to all who reply unless you give us your bar # and state that you are in fact and attorney giving legal advice (which no attorney in their right mind would do that here).", 
" ", "I would be shocked if our complaints had any effect on travelers. ", 
"Why would that be surprising to me? It makes sense that they would remove multiple listings, I would do the same thing. That's a completely different animal that what you were suggesting.... Which was that HA would be retaliating against people who voiced concern, disagreement or had questions about the changes that have taken place and which haven't been communicated appropriately to people who have paid to list on this service.", 
" ", "", "", "light bulb changing service is no longer available unless the customer pays the 9% service fee for 24/7 support.", 
"  ", "I would be concerned about Homeaway's role as arbitrator of \"property is materially misrepresented\" and \"owner wrongfully withholds your security deposit\".  Owners, operating their properties following best practices, may wish to consider how Homeaway is likely to \"rule\" in cases brought against them (owners).  I would not put myself in the position of having a third party, an interloper in my opinion, decide such issues.  I realize there are owners who misrepresent and take liberties with security deposits, but I also think Homeaway is writing the \"rules\" so broadly as to endanger those of us who operate appropriately.", 
"Here we are - blasting Sharples and Hale - when all they might be trying to do is save this website and their own jobs. If too many of us defect to other websites, it might mean the quick downward spiral of this website and our ability to market our vacation rental. Sharples and Hale are trying to shield us from the monsters at Expedia who could care LESS whether we advertise with them or not. All they want is profits. Sharples and Hale come up with a \"Hail Mary\" play and decide they have to impose a 10% \"service fee\" on that portion of the rentals that comprise 90% of their experienced bookings. This is their only remedy for the demands placed upon them.", 
" ", "I have been reading about this, (re Airbnb) on some of the other boards, and had a client tell me about a letter/bill that they got, ( VR in FL )", 
"I saw a post that I made over 10 months ago where I said the CFO said they could have chosen a rate of 3% or so for HA payments but they chose 2.5% so that they could get a lot of people on board using the payment system.  IF you read that statement carefully, it means once enough people get comforable and happy with HA payments, then they are going to jack up the rates.  I don't think I need to rehash the recent AMEX stunt.", 
" ", "Again, I would attribute it to your lower nightly rate = lower cleaning fee expected.  They don't want to pay a cleaning fee in excess of your nightly rate.  I see from your calendar that you are almost completed booked from now thru summer (as of the end of January).  That also tells me your nightly rate could be increased as I get most bookings starting now as soon as the lower-priced homes are already booked.  There is definitely a break-even point with # nights booked at the different nightly rates (total revenue generated).  I prefer fewer nights booked at my higher rate as it also tends to lead to a better guest and less wear and tear on my home.  Just some ideas to consider. ", 
" ", " ", "Rick", "I created a template that we send out as soon as we create a reservation.  The key is to send this email out immediately after you book so that it doesn't get lost in the shuffle.  i also modified our other templates to say that reservations are tentative until the signed rental agreement is received back.  So far we have only had to chase down one guest and we just had to send a friendly reminder that their reservation would be unbooked and refunded (e.g. cancelled) if we did not receive the rental agreement asap.", 
" ", " ", "This, in my opinion, has been nothing more than a cynical, sinister property grab by HomeAway and Expedia.", 
"Remember Yapstone's area of expertise is apartment dwellers payments.  If they use a fraudulent cc, the landlord knows where to find the tenant.", 
"Do not arouse the wrath of the Great and Powerful Oz! I said, come back tomorrow.\"", 
" ", "Rick", "Agreed.", " ", "While this could be GREAT for those that accomplish it, it means for everyone else that they must either possibly lose out, or refund the service fee until everyone is on the same page. Carol, are they really allowing folks to opt out by contacting the legal department?", 
"Thanks Carol, yes, it would be great if we could all disable this misleading feature and just ask the guests to contact us....", 
"There are not any taxes In my area, neither town, county, nor state.  And, I'm not complaining abour our loca chamber.  My property is located in a long-standing traditional New England resort,  and the local governments are well aware of the economic contributions our properties bring to the local economy.  Tax programs have been proposed from time to time, but never advance beyond the proposal stages.  All interests, excepting an occasional state representative, appear to be able to co-exist happily.  There are abundant monies for all . . . . ", 
"I Will start", "Actually I have done quite well using clones and built them for peanuts..10$ an hour programming in India goes a long way. I have been developing sites since 2001. So I think I am in touch. My point is verification. If they..or you cant provide it your inventory will be compromised and therefore ripe for scams. HA/FK/VRBO use verification and still get burned. Imagine no verification with free listings. Scammer heaven. Not negative just being very wise with one of the most valuable assets I own. You might want to consider this also. Its a simple process to slap up a script and configure for your needs. Its done everyday.", 
"I used RM and QR. I would not mind if those were OPTIONAL paid-for features. I also used HA payments - their CC rate was cheaper than PP at the time, not by much. But again, should have been only an OPTION. Someone who rents month to month or weekly only may never need them. I rent 3-7 days with no set check in day of week, so QR and RM were useful to my model. But I do hate how they corral everyone into one size fits all model.", 
"In terms of mandatory, accepting credit card is my choice. This fee being implemented on travelers is not my choice. In addition, no matter where anyone finds and books my property, if they pay by credit card, then it is a mandatory charge. Guests cannot pay by credit card without the charge. The cowardly named \"Service Fee\" is not mandatory as travelers can find and book my property without it. The credit card fee is mandatory and it is universally charged by guests who pay by credit card. The service fee is not universally charged in any way shape or form. The amount varies by listing site and in some cases is non-existent.", 
"Sure the cc company would have the option of paying their fair share of the sales tax: 7% of $2 = 14 cents.   But they dont.", 
" ", " ", "It seems rather straightforward,  if Homeaway is set on becoming a second Airbnb, why not go with the real thing?", 
"I don't have any HA payments pending.   ", "I just check on my calendar, I didn't enter anything but dates and blocked and it came up the same as acbrown1969's screenshot.", 
"Hi there vrdoctor:", " ", " ", "Or it's built into the rate rather than being shown as a separate line item? ", 
"Silver        400 Views/mo       25 Inquiries/mo", 
" ", " ", " ", "In talking to a rep and then his supervisor from Homeaway Support, the supervisor threatened to \"take down my listing\" if I try to avoid the new service fee. Really, is this how we are to be dealt with moving forward? He said you will take down my listing if my \" headline, descriptive text, or communications with a traveler\" says anything about actions to avoid the HA service fee. Supervisor Shawn case #18068011.", 
"", "this is where somebody is going to battle them in court.", 
" ", "Unless you are a property manager.", "", " ", "", "MY theory is that Expedia is trying to EXTINGUISH the vacation home rental market because it eats away at their core business which is reselling blocks of hotel rooms and airline tickets that they have negotiated with major travel companies via a travel distribution provider, I.e. worldspan, which is now Travelport. They are trying to run us off. ", 
"                                                                                                            So tiring ", 
" ", "Thank you. Now I have a lot more catch-up reading to do. ", 
"Bottom line is that we all have to run our business the way we want to run it. We do not have to be forced into doing it another way if we don't feel comfortable doing so.  Some may pay the price for not stepping up to the plate and changing their ways, but it should be their choice. ", 
"That has worked for me in past too Margaret - several times in fact.  I think I'll give it a shot before spending the $$ on the Special Offer.  I like u0999's idea about something for FREE too.  ", 
"Today, Platinum listings get significantly more demand than Gold listings, which get more than silver, and so on, all the way down to commission based listings.", 
"In general, the \"more expensive\" VRBO listings were the VR's paying for platinum (because they could afford it easier with more rental revenue of course).", 
"My mailbox is full of c'mons from Evolve. Just another middleman wanting a piece of my hard earned earnings without investing a dime in actual property, taxes, repairs and maintenance. I am in IT industry, and lately there has been an explosion of \"recruiter\" companies. I think nowadays there are more \"recruiters\" than \"recruits\" available. As soon as some employer posts a job opening, my mailbox FILLS with c'mons from recruiters who do nothing but try to \"sell\" my jobskills to an employer and get moolah for that. Same with these PM companies - they do virtually nothing, and they want to \"sell\" stays at YOUR property and get $$$ for that, while YOU are on the hook for wear and tear, mortgage, taxes, maintenance etc. too many **** salespeople. They do not do ANYTHING that a person with half-brain cannot do themselves.  ", 
" ", " ", "I'm adding folks as fast as I can, so please be patient.  Thanks!   BUT...If you're having trouble finding or getting added, then post in the thread here and let me know.   https://community.homeaway.com/thread/52732", 
" ", "Alternately, since you can see the email address I used for this community, you can email me directly and I will supply you the details.", 
"They want to charge you the equivalent of management fees but they don't want to and aren't even able to manage it. the hybrid model will not work. The way business works is that you have to EARN the fee. Anything else is just corporate greed and a money grab. Plain and simple. I Haven't seen concrete proof of ANY added value....", 
"But....that's not really true.  At some point, a traveler who has paid $XXX for the Book with Confidence Guarantee, is going to have a failed experience, and HA/VRBO is not going to be their soft place to land.", 
"Tom,", "When I travel and need a hotel for 1 or two nights, I might use Expedia to identify hotels in the area.  I check out prices a the one I want, but then always call the hotels directly or go to the hotel website and compare.  The hotel is almost always cheaper.  So, Expedia is acting as a search engine for me. ", 
"So the HA BOD had predicted that there would be some \"backlash\" with the service fees.  In this community, quite a few homeowners had expressed interest to leave HA.  More in other social forums.", 
"bobbie32 wrote:", " ", " ", "Seems sort of vindictive to me.  First I've been as critical as anyone else recently on the new service fees and Best Match.  Then, coincidentally,  I got an email stating, \"During a routine review of your listing, blah, blah, blah\" and they take down our video link that has been at the bottom of our subscription since we've been members.", 
" ", "No that is not false IF the higher rankings is based on the SHORTER amount of time. Is the 2015 on top? You proved the statement.", 
"Our property isn't one that international travelers seem to gravitate to, so if I ever get an international inquiry I'm automatically on alert. Typically scammers tip their hand in their use of language and their requests, so it pays to pay attention to your gut. Thanks for sharing the heads up! ", 
"My partial solution:  I just reestablished my credit card processing with Paypro (now known as OpenEdge - ph:919.335.0094 or 919.335.0109 or openedgepayment.com).  I used this company before VRBO had the credit card processing available.  OpenEdge's transaction percentage is less, although there is also a small annual fee to have the service and a 30 cent per transaction fee.  The down side is that you need to manually process the transaction on their virtual terminal (owners take the card details and input them) and you need to manually record the reservation on VRBO.  I have multiple rentals so I can't track a 2 payment strategy as I would prefer to, but if my guests don't want to be charged the hefty service fee they can pay the booking upfront in one transaction through this alternate processing system.  You also cannot process a check, and a security deposit processed and refunded will attract some fees, so you need to think about that (maybe self insure or put a hold on their card for that amount which this alternate payment system allows for a limited time period).  If my guests want to use VRBO and pay the service fee they can continue to do so, but they have the choice.  I now hope this mitigates some of the damage the service fee is doing to potential bookings.  ", 
"SInce El Chapo is locked up, at least we know it wasn't him! ", 
" ", "Listings are being moved down to allow others that can produce a fee be viewed.", 
"I have been amazed and appalled as owners have gone along with this handing control of their properties and businesses to HomeAway.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "And referring to Airtbnb as the \"real thing\" - do you remember the wonderful Coca Cola commercials? - strikes me as humorous as well.", 
"insurance                                    $1,500", 
"Oh I am sure as far as property value goes, I am still upside down vs what I actually put into it (purchase price plus construction). But since it was (so far) making money, I was not concerned as I was not planning to sell (but , rather, eventually retire there) and I have no mortgage on it. ", 
"I've had enough of HA's 'improvements' and 'upgrades'. I've allowed my two VRBO listings to expire.", 
"I did not mean to make light of your situation. I am sorry that you and I and many others are going through this. Unfortunately, we've been handed our pink slip and it's time to search for a new job and start at the bottom again.", 
"FYI…", "The harm to my Canadian rental is in users of this forum attempting to drive guests away from Homeaway via TV, Forums, twitter etc in order to prove their point.", 
" ", " ", " ", "3. The %age our listing base that is bookable was 42% in 2015, and 62% in 2016. This in an increase of 44% - slower than bookings which grew 54%. ", 
"Two old country boys decide to carry the preacher deer hunting. They had 3 stands (elevated hunting blinds) equally spaced around a very large field of beans. The deer love the beans, and they were hoping to bag one coming or going. They approached before daylight, dropping the preacher at the nearest stand while the other two split and went to opposite sides to the other two stands. Just after daylight, a very large buck with huge antlers stood up in the middle of the bean field. He had evidently bedded there for the night, and was now ready for breakfast. Suddenly a trio of gunshots rang out breaking the silence of the still morning. All three had incredibly shot at nearly the same time at this one deer. Upon reaching the deer, an argument ensued as to who had actually killed the deer and could claim ownership? It was decided they would call in an expert to make the determination. A game warden was called in. After spending some time with the dead carcass, he exited the field and met with the three hunters. \"So who killed the deer? From which direction do you think the kill shot came?\" The game warden paused, and stated he knew exactly who killed the deer. The three listened intently as he explained. \"The preacher shot the deer\" he said. \"Well how can you be sure?\" came the question. The game warden looked them squarely in the eyes and said \"Only a preacher could aim so well as to have it go in one ear and right out the other!\"", 
"It's been a long time since I read the HA forums... but I read this today wrt. the new \"service fees\":", 
"The calendar is booked for the next 90 days with the exception of 5 days; this listing has ~half the availability of other listings in this area, in both the peak season and over the next 12 months.", 
" ", " ", "Our condos are older, small, very well maintained, and are not the cheapest place to stay.  Our guest are willing to pay a 'nickle more' to be on a low density area of the beach.  It is a small 2 lane road you cross to go to a store, you can let the kids wander around.", 
" ", " ", "The vacation home rental business is a relatively new category in the hospitality industry and is one that has seen explosive and surprising growth over the past several years. Reference above posted articles and links shared with us by others. In contrast, hotel chains have seen dwindling profits over the past few years (caused in large part by the ground that OTAs such as Expedia gained early on and their giant like ability to squeeze them on prices and compete with them directly with the blocks of discounted and undersold rooms that they have purchased and resell to the consumer). There is a reason why hotels, airlines and car rental companies spend time, money and focus in their advertising to urge you to book directly with them for a reason: they want to lessen the grip that Expedia and friends have on them. The OTAs have ultimately been bad for business. ", 
"Thank you for your reply. I am hesitant because of abundance of competition. My nightly rate is definitely higher than cleaning fee.  Also I think I may have missed the chance to raise rates any more this year, because all the high seasons are already booked. I do not think raising rates on low-season periods would make sense?", 
"Seems as if it's up to the Owner(s) to warn guests to carefully include their information and double check it.  Shouldn't have to  happen.", 
"I use this often for my annual renters (not in VRs) and it is effortless and works great for me and my tenant.  Could work for VRs also.", 
"www.vacationrentalhelper.com", " ", "Im looking for justificatins from you and your company to back up the assurances you have given us but I'm not confident that you are properly isolating the data sets to make true and accurate comparisons. It seems to me that your data comes from comparing overall 2015 versus overall 2016, without isolating the factors which would impact your ability to make apples to apples comparisons. ", 
"Hope that helps!", "I used to get a fair amount of BINs, now I get this constant back and forth with the guests which I think their way of hinting they want me to offer booking outside the platform...   Before if I didn't get an immediate BIN, they would quickly convert, now its just a bunch of talking.... I'm going to have to add a new fee to pay for all this time I'm spending trying to coax them into booking....    If I want to engage in a long pointless conversation, I'll call my mother....", 
" ", "My favorite this is when you are in the rate setting screen, it will show you a ridiculus proration for days over 7 nights if you charge more for weekend days, unless you use the apply the weekly rate feature.   If I leave that box unchecked it says my daily rate for over 7 days is $36.67  (I charge $750 a week, so I can't imagine where they get that lunacy from), but if I check the 'do not apply weekend rate to stays more than 7' I usually do 6, but it also fixes it if you just leave it at 7 apparently, I get a proper $107.14 per night.", 
"It's just that March is only half-over, folks, you can't look at the point for March.  If you look Feb 15-Feb 16 for the market -- the two dotted lines -- the numbers are just about the same.   ", 
"www.vacationrentalhelper.com", " ", "To Summarize:", "If opt out is allowed, keep in mind if you have outstanding payments due, you must cancel those reservations and refund the money already paid through the HA system.", 
"I'm confused - Carol, are you a HA employee or an owner?", "I also saw all the local PMs & realtors were advertised on my town's website. When I requested to be added to the site, I was originally sent an email saying that they allow local business but not individuals to have a presence on the town website but they do not consider it advertising. I responded by saying my VRs are a small business that brings revenue to the town not only through sales tax I remit but that my guests spend a lot of money in the community during their stay. They agreed and added a link to my website to the town page. ", 
" ", "When you sign up, before your listing goes live they ask if you are an owner or a property manager.  If you are a property manager they require you submit your agreement with the owner.  I gave them the link to the county I am in that would prove I am the owner. They accepted that, don't know if they do checking on their own if you simple just say your the owner.", 
"I totally agree. Those features/tools should have been optional. They don't work for everyone (and they don't work for me).", 
"The amount of wishful thinking in the operating of businesses here is rather startling. I'm understanding more and more how HA was able to exert such control over business practices. ", 
" ", "Where and what is the tax(s) on \"Trip Cancellation\" \"Accident\" \"Service Fee\"??", 
"What is wrong with these companies???  When did they decide they can dictate to me ANYTHING having to do with my own property and business??? It's absolutely bizarre.", 
" ", "I have removed my credit card info", "You cannot enter \"blocked\", you select \"blocked\".  You cannot use this calendar as your personal calendar with notes of your choosing.   ", 
" ", "Just this week, I noticed that my scorecard scores have slipped because I marked off two blocks of time for family use of my property. I got a pop up from vrbo telling me that I would be penalized in the future for accepting payment for these reservations outside of the system, or something like that. They aren't bookings. They are personal use of my property. This obviously has penalized me because I don't have many page views and I don't have any inquires at all, they are significantly down over the same month trend for several years past. ", 
"So if my rental is $1,000 per week and an international guest books - I get charged for currency conversion and the 4.5%?", 
" ", "Gold          300 Views/mo       25 Inquiries/mo", 
"No-one lives year round in our building. A few tried. Too nuts in summer.  Too desolate in the winter.", 
"HA gets more revenue from those willing/able to pay and we get less bookings from HA where those travelers that won't/can't pay the additional costs don't book on HA. They go other places where they pay less.", 
"Are you tell me that you convert 25% of all inquires?", "", 
"I spoke to HA exec yesterday (phone meeting) and I also conveyed to them that their bell shaped curve model about travelers booking 60 days in advance and not looking closer -farther is flawed. My particular property usually booked by milti-generational or multi couple groups, and they have to coordinate well in advance to agree on dates and rental property. By not showing my property to travelers NOW they are affecting my fall bookings. I have a few spring dates open too, no activity. The anecdotal proof  I have is inquiries via other sites that do not play the \"best match\" game while I have had 0 inquires via  VRBO. he said that overall HA bookings are up. I told him that it is like saying that \"average temperature of all patients in the hospital is normal\". But someone is running 104F fever, and someone is in cold sweat with temperature 95F. Maybe someone somewhere (maybe those PMs with NO fee on their listings? ) are getting those bookings,  so the overall \"HA bookings are up\". I don't see them, and most owners here don't see them. I also told them that when they look at stats, they may be seeing rosier picture than it actually is. Because up to Mid feb I was booking my non VRBO leads thorough VRBO (and that is 30 and 40% of my bookings). So if they saw 10 bookings on my calendar, in reality only 6 could have been attributed to being due to VRBO leads. ", 
" ", "When travelers stop going to the ha/vrbo site to research and (key word) BOOK vacations, there will be no incentive for a homeowner to even pay a subscription fee and the site, in essence, becomes irrelevant. ", 
"No, it's just me managing one property although I was about to put our beach house in south Florida on there. Which i won't do now. I'm not a property manager but I have found that utilizing the payment processing, requiring traveler to buy insurance on my property and actually having BIN have made my life easier and my rental more successful.", 
"", "regards,", "", "well eventually someone will get a clue and take us in with open arms. but I have not been putting all my eggs in one basket for quite a while. ", 
"\"Property listings should not direct travelers to third-party websites\"", 
"these new guidelines are ludicrous!", "Retrieving data ...", 
" ", "Check with your tax advisor. Giving use of your rental to a charity counts as if you used it yourself when we do our taxes and have to report # days rented and # days we use.", 
" ", " ", "This is the case i agree with VRR. My properties are mid priced for the property and type of market. I have quite lively inquiry and booking activity (other fee-free site, direct thru my website, even FB), while 0  through VRBO. Last week I booked 4 rentals - all NOT through VRBO (other site, FB, direct call in). If it is not the fee, it is best match. Or both. I paid a lot less for the \"other\" NO-FEE site, and last week my other site bookings surpassed those of VRBO on one of my properties for year 2016. TRAVELERS BY IN LARGE ARE NOT WILLING TO PAY THE FEE.  NOT ON A FREESTANDING UNIQUE PROPERTY THAT COSTS MORE THAT $100/nite. paying the fee is more of an exception than a rule (there are always a few people who have money to burn, or who did not look closely and didn't see the fee, or didn't care). but those are ABSOLUTE MINORITY. Proof are the Flipkey commission (about 90% of those inquiries never turn into bookings because of fees) - result is 2-3 booking a year MAYBE. I see the HA's logic - they think that even if I  (the owner) have ONLY 3 bookings  a year via HA, the fees they get are (maybe) going to be MORE than the subscription I have paid. 2 things. 1st, i have no incentive to stay with site that does not deliver bookings, AND makes my life hard in the process (I hope HA will not be telling us that they will NOT close traveler/owner communications in the near future). I do not need another commissioned Flipkey. 2nd, if I (or most other owners) don't get enough bookings, I cannot continue my VR. So what will HA list? Some blocks of cookie cutter hotel-condos I guess. And I am guessing that HA is fine with that. If this continues, I doubt it would make sense to even stay with HA even if they did commission-only model. For me, that model just does not deliver.", 
"Within tiers - we use best match, but Platinum listings are always sorted ahead of the other listings.", 
"I will add more \"friends\" as requests come in....and will indicate by \"liking\" their post.", 
" ", "\"Major Vacation Rental Listing Sites are taking YOUR customers for themselves.\"", 
"Hi tonyha,", " ", "I have yet to have one person pay the fee, although I have invoiced 2, but both have done nothing since I billed them..maybe that will change, but from how they talk to me I think that were expecting me to offer to book outside vrbo, and when I didn't they decided to not book with me...   Expedia motivated the airlines and now the hotels to seek direct bookings, so why should we be surprised that now the VRO is becoming motivated to setup our own websites and get travelers to book direct.  Expedia is its own worst enemy.", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", " ", " ", "Good news is that our local destination site has good online presence.  And frankly I have found that searching by destination, does indeed work. You can find property management companies that are very responsive.  I don't think I will ever use HA/VRBO again for when my husband and I travel.  If I need to use a vacation rental host site, I will likely use AirBnB just for ethical reasons.  At least they don't say one thing and do another.  ", 
"", " ", " ", "The following, in italics, was in Support's response in late February when I asked about rankings being removed from the dashboard. The comment that was most interesting to me was the the \"other factors\" mentioned after the bullet list.", 
"I got the exact word for word message today only with a different name. Luckily our manager had mentioned a scam like that to us and where it was from. ", 
" ", "I got my sister's inquiry.  Now HA will double punish me for not booking the phisher OR my sister!  HomeAway says my listing is secure (as if I'd believe them), but i didn't respond to the inquiry and my sister's inquiry did get to me, so I'm pretty sure I'm okay.", 
"We make it easy for Guests to find you on the site, with a powerful and easy to use search facility, and NO manipulated search results! Your guests will find you fast!", 
"Just a short list of where we are at today. I know you just found out about this and everything you are feeling has already been posted over and over again.", 
" ", "I Haven't seen any input from HA on this forum in several days.", 
" ", "HA/VRBO                                   $1,500", 
"Do I make a profit?   Yes", "It’s going to be more our helping HomeAway with that transition from a listing business to a transactional business.", 
"this post is exactly what makes me the angriest about these changes that have been made. Little to no thought is given on the corporate level to what impact this has on individuals. It's immoral. They should have given us notice PRIOR to making the changes. ", 
"", "Mr. Secrets wrote:", " ", "Airbnb has an excellent PI score, as indicated by their success and their ability to operate, quite nimbly, in a space that is outside of their core business model.", 
"HomeAway's new fee sparks some anger the company tries to quell - Tnooz", 
"", "Usually my jokes are so bad that people don't laugh, they usually groan. ", 
" ", "", "It could get ugly, very ugly, for owners accused of misrepresenting their property, or withholding monies, by Homeaway.  ", 
"So, what are we to think? Who is really to blame? Who is really the greedy one?", 
" ", "This is in the works in my state, so I called 3 different times on 3 different days, and got 3 different answers.  The one consistency, you have to file, even if it is a zero $0 amount. ", 
"HA's attitude is that YOU have no where else to go and you will just accept any changes.  Why do you think they gobbled up so many sites?  I cannot count the number times I have already posted the comment that Sharples said - he realized many suppliers are willing to receive 7X ROI versus the previous 30X ROI that the average owner received.  He said to expect to see downward pressure on that number.  Isn't this what many are complaining about?  Well he made good on his word.  ", 
" ", "how about this one 737717? Thank you. ", " ", "I am sure people realize that this issue is NOT unique to eChecks.  The same problem can occur with ANY form of payment thru RM, including eCheck, credit card, check cash, whatever else they accept.", 
"How frustrating.  How disappointing.  ", "Dear <First, Last>,", 
" ", " ", "hey at least you are getting contacts. I am not getting any via VRBO. ", 
"The HA system falls apart quickly for VR rentals, where scammers have an open door.", 
"Yesterday (or maybe two days ago) my \"average nighty rate\" was showing as $160. Today it's showing as $170!! My NIGHTLY RATE IS $150 and for the very few holidays that are thrown in at $165 per night, that should NOT be affecting it. WTF is going on??? ", 
" ", "Ha, I am already using the service fee as marketing tool. By adding to my replies to VHR inquiries \" By booking with owner directly, you are saving at least $XX {insert amount of would be VRBO fee] that most booking sites charge you if you decide to book through them\".", 
"If anything, the owners who did not avail themselves of homeaway online products and services, have been used to underwrite the cost of these products for those who used them.  I have paid thousands of dollars to homeaway over the years and I have not used any of the products and services my monies supported.  Why should I be penalized now?  But I am - my listing is buried.", 
"Min Charge", "The service fee cannot be opted out of. ", " ", 
"Way to go Margaret!   We each need to approach local websites - town, county, and state - and do our best to convince the \"powers that be\" that we contribute greatly to the local economy.  Yes!", 
"1. No, I would not, because people are paying them elsewhere and I don't think mind paying to use a service ... But there would have to be direct benefits to me in addition to me NOT paying a subscritption fee", 
"I am the life of the party gregg!  Dance all night long! Hahahahaha", 
" ", " ", "And neither will HA in my opinion.  Why should they?  HA knows that the burden will fall back upon the homeowner.", 
"There is no tax collected on the Trip Cancellation, Accident insurance, and Service Fee.", 
" ", "I do realize Airbnb does not have strength in every locale, as noted by several members who have had few, if any, bookings through Airbnb.", 
"I've shut off auto renew", " ", "We do monitor new listings on the site with a variety of mechanisms to ensure that properties are legitimate. We use two factor authentication to ensure that the legitimate owner is the person accessing the HomeAway account.  When a new listing onboards for HomeAway payments, our partner Yapstone has a deep set of factors the evaluate to determine if it is a risk. In cases where the property does not quality for \"advanced payments\" (where funds are released before the traveler checks in), the property is set to \"check in payments\" which as you note above \"holds the funds in escrow\".", 
" ", "Well,  they probably charge the guest the currency conversion fee, but this obviously increases your price and makes you slightly less competitive.. It's not so much a fee as they make a margin on the exchange rate. Banks buy dollars for less than they sell them and its sometimes 3% or so in the difference between what the credit card companies actually do the change for versus what they charge. ", 
"Sorry, but I can't see how to start a new thread/post, only how to reply. ", 
" ", "I think $25 refund is awesome and a win win. I worked with a tile guy/bathroom pro once who was a total nightmare. So sharp, so intelligent, his work was amazing, but he was lost in the world of painkillers. He would show up at 4-5pm some days, work til 1am. It was a constant battle but we needed him to finish and had a deposit in the balance. I had to pick him up and drive him a few times due to car troubles. He left pills in bizarre places like dropped/lost on tiled floor, or my medicine cabinet, or wrapped in toilet paper and stuffed in the corner of a cabinet. I was very upset. I was so overwhelmed that my dog had an unnecessary vaccine during this time because my Vet said he was due. He had a seizure! Its been years and not another seizure since thank you God! My Vet swears it had nothing to do with her but it did. Anyhow, He took almost 3 months to finish master bathroom. So bizarre. Sorry for my rant.", 
" ", " ", "Unless you are a property manager: https://www.vrbo.com/4038090ha  Read last paragraph.", 
"tandoori wrote:", "it wont be me because I don't have the energy for it. But somebody who is a retired lawyer will definitely take the bait. ", 
" ", " ", "", " ", "CHANGED (from 2/25/2015 version on the Internet Archive)", 
"Wow that really stinks.  They are REALLY trying to aggravate owners now - its like they want us to leave ", 
" ", " ", "Just looked at \"fans\" of my property's pages on FB. While not scientific, it gives me an idea who would typically be interested in renting my VR. If HA thinks that these people by in large are in the position or won't bat an eye to shell out HA's \"service fee\", then HA \"research team\" should be fired.", 
"Edited…", "Hmmm...  you are 100% correct.  My husband, who happens to be a CPA, just informed me of that detail a few minutes ago!  Fortunately, I rent enough weeks during the year - making my personal use a non-issue.  At least I used to", 
"Within tiers - we use best match, but Platinum listings are always sorted ahead of the other listings.", 
"These same \"more expensive\" listings now have a $500 service fee on them, which is a boat anchor that has killed VRBO's better properties.", 
"remember we are not their customers anymore, best or otherwise. Their customer is the traveler now, including that one with stolen credit card, or that frat party or ambidextrous ' s drug dealer. ", 
" ", " ", " ", "", " ", "What I have seen is poorl crafted messaging that really lowers the expectation of homeowner Integrity to the gueat, suggesting that the servuce guarantee was necessary to offset so many bad experiences. The implication is there in the way they have crafted their message.", 
"Retrieving data ...", " Property owners are the \"fulcrum\" of your ecosystem business model.  Payment processing, damage insurance and travel insurance are levers you've laid across that fulcrum to leverage it with new revenue and profit opportunities.  These are all good offers with clear and viable value propositions.", 
"Ok after some dry spell with inquiries rushing in (insert sarcasm) I get one today from an \"Internationally collected artist\" wanting to stay at my beach cottage, wait for it....in lieu of payment, this lucky lady gets to choose a painting either from his site, or he will actually paint one JUST FOR ME!!!!!  Of course he also states that he will be staying off season so that should be a real collector's piece! Be still my beating heart! Dude get over yourself! Unless he is the reincarnation of Cezanne, or Manet, I think I will just take the money. Plus I looked at his art, not my cup of tea trust me!", 
"What does HA management feel is an acceptable level of inventory shrink? 10%, 25%, 50%?", 
"Thanks everyone…", "Oh Bobbie, I really feel for you.  I wish there was a work around to allow you to overcome the many obstacles Homeaway has put in your path.  The banner message is absolutely obscene.   Everyone should take note of how you, a longtime customer, are being treated.  Homeaway has chosen coercive methods to achieve their goals - it's shameful.", 
"DO NOT FEED THE MONSTER (HA-VRBO)", " ", " ", " ", "many thanks for this info. received the same inquiry this morning.", 
"What is your solution?", " ", " ", "I think we can all advise you to start to look at alternative sites to promote you own property. ", 
"ETA:  And AirBnb.", " ", "I have not sworn, let fly with name calling, or disparaged Homeaway in any manner.  But, these are sensitive times . . . .", 
"total expenses                           $30,000", 
"Do I have huge overhead?   Yes", "Because being a transactional business worked so well for Expedia the last time it was in the VR business.", 
"I see this as any business.  The goal is to make as much money from my business as possible.  No company give a thought to anything or anyone except themselves.  However, when their goals greatly impact on my goals this can be a problem.  My major goal on HA was to make as much income from my property as I can. It appears that their goals are to make sure that I don't make as much as I can.  This is a conflict that now has impacted every one of us.", 
"HomeAway's T & Cs state the following…  ", " ", "I don't think that our complaints will have any (or much) effect on the behavior of travelers,   but I am sure that they appreciate our complaints to HA.", 
" ", "Already commented on FB on the same. Several inaccuracies, IMO.", 
"4. Total listings grew relatively slowly (12%) while online bookable listing growth grew very quickly (62%). Online booking adoption accelerated. ", 
" ", " ", "My response to the analysis - First of all, we are located in the Rocky Mountains - the PEAK seasons are SKI SEASON and SUMMER. During the fall and the spring, which is known as mud season up here are the low seasons.  We block out those dates since we are out of town taking advantage of the LOW SEASON.  Historically, guests will book for the summer season 3 to 6 months in advance, we seldom see bookings less than 90 days. So this is the time that the summer traffic books, but haven't done so.  The reason why the other properties in the area have availability is because it is the low season.", 
" ", "In thinking this over, I have come to the following conclusions. Share your thoughts and feedback please.", 
"On any given year, about half are returners.  My guess, my guest are renting a lifestyle, not the 'lifestyles of the rich and famous' but it is about the beach, scene, not going to the beach to be seen.", 
" ", " ", "I don't know what's coming and I can't predict the future, but I can tell you that the successful and smart people who are successful and smart enough to own a second home don't like how thet are being treated. And at least for now, we live in a capitalist society (in the USA at least). All markets are driven by supply and demand, and that dynamic is particularly important for a hospitality company who makes its money by piggybacking on other peoples assets. ", 
"Wow - another beautiful home you have with a well-booked calendar!  I especially like the photo of your home in the snow.", 
"The outcome is a sour experience for both parties.  An easy fix would be to change the protocol for entering the account details. ", 
" ", " ", " ", "Can you please speak to this please? I haven't been able to get a single answer from you thus far on anything, despite posing several questions directly to you and tagging you in the posts. ", 
"tom", "I've never gotten a BIN...well, only once, and it was a mistake. They didn't mean to do a BIN.", 
" ", " ", "I dont know about that Carol.", "Be careful.  HA will deactivate your listing if they see this.  You need to check with HomeAway before making decisions regarding your own property and business now.", 
" ", "Max Charge", "What about PMs. Many of them don't have service fee. Someone quoted several PMs with no service fees on their listings. ", 
"So much chatter on some many boards that I haven't been able to keep it all straight.", 
"\"Individual vacation rental owners, many of whom prefer to work directly with guests and prefer paying subscriptions over transaction fees, may have a lot more to say about the direction of the market than some of the largest players might hope for.\"", 
" ", "I  received an email this morning that HomeEscape now has capability to import calendars. I don't know if it's new but thought I would mention.", 
"The only reason they're being forced on us is because without them, they'd have no way to collect The HomeAway Service Fee™.", 
"Does no one here use a business attorney or tax professional? Do you just wing it?", 
" ", "Presumably, if any is due, HA will take it out of the proceeds.", 
"I'll repeat (and will keep repeating): If you have to prevent open communication and employ extensive software to detect certain words, phrases, phone numbers, etc., if you have to take steps to prevent free-market competition, then something is wrong with YOUR MODEL, NOT with your customers.", 
" ", " ", "You just choose the dates you want to block and then select \"blocked\" rather than \"reserved\" or \"tentative\".   ", 
" ", "If these rules have indeed been communicated to the homeowner subscription base, would somebody kindly point me to a place where I could read them?", 
" ", "Fees are all identified separately.  The fees themselves have little to do with the \"best match\" ranking.  That was more of a side observation.  What is odd is how all those booked properties managed by the same property manager could rank higher than those of us who are 1) about equally as booked, 2) were historically ranked at the top and 3) have used Homeaway payment systems.  As someone who is mathematically capable, the statistical probability of this happening is very low without some unmentioned control factor.", 
"All of this is moot at this point, as (since the implementation of the Service Fee) , my listing is continuing to get Views, but no inquiries.  I am very concerned that travelers have left HomeAway and are booking on other platforms that don't charge the fee.", 
"My condo association (6 units)will only allow major construction/rehab during the off season, January - March. We had an owner who started a major rehab ....entire gut job to studs started in January 2015. The job was delayed over an over and they had to stop construction April 2015 due to rental season starting. They restarted Jan 2016 and just now are finishing. They missed an entire year of rentals due to bad construction management. The other owners felt very bad for the situation but we had no recourse but to have them stop construction. We could not have our guest subject to construction noise when they are paying a very good rate per night. We all have full calendars weekdays-weekends and there was no window to do construction until the off season.", 
"It's called \"Ripping off the owners and travelers to benefit HA's bottom line\". There is no other explanation/justification for it.", 
"No. More critically, since the implementation of the fee, I have converted 0%.", 
" ", "[...]", "basic site, organic growth. When THale said they are spending these bazillions on advertising, I have replied that 1st they artificially create obstacles for owners and travelers to book, and then they spend bazillions to offset the effects of the mess they themselves created. ", 
"My prediction is that home away will become the \"MySpace\" of the vacation home rental world. And somebody else, with a better customer focus, will become the \"Facebook\" of the industry. I think we already know which site is best poised to reap the benefits of these changes and my guess is that they are already experiencing a bump in listings and as a result bookings from this. ", 
"I am against the service fee and I REALLY don't like the manner in which we have been talked down to, mandated upon and generally treated by some company I pay thousands of dollars a year to. I don't like people imposing rules on my assets. I guess it's the libertarian in me.", 
"If the change truly is \"non-substantive in nature\" then it does not alter any obligations, and HA could not take action against a person who chooses to ignore the new terms. See the discussion of the meaning of \"substantive\" at http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/Substantive+Law.", 
"tom", "Old: Users cannot post a review or response for the purpose of blackmailing or extorting owners or travelers for money or other consideration. The reviews are for the benefit of future travelers, not to allow one party to threaten the other.", 
" ", "Interesting.", "Yes they seem to be wanting so much to emulate ABB.", 
" ", "YYes, sorry, I was being sarcastic. Edited comment above.", 
"Good for you.  my maintenance days alone would keep me from ever hitting the roughly 33 day maximum.", 
" ", " ", "Today, looks like Platinum listings do not get demand just like Gold or Silver does not get demand. Unless they are Platinum PM listings that say \"please call us directly, and book without a fee\". When will HA admit that selling subscription levels was selling 'snake oil\"?", 
"Stay tuned for the april announcement that Brian alluded to in his blog post to learn how we plan to evolve the subscription model.", 
" ", "A huge concern is that HA/VRBO is moving towards exclusive BIN, which will eliminate paying outside their system.", 
"\"Unless you have had your head Buried Under a Rock you should already be aware of the Sweeping Changes that have been affecting the Vacation Rental Industry over the last five years, most of which have not been for the better!\"", 
"How do we send you a PM?  I thought that function no longer works.  Do we try to add you as a friend and then can PM you?  I don't need to now but just want to know for future reference.", 
" ", "If we respond to an email through our dashboard (I'm on subscription without bin or olb), can those emails be read by vrbo/ha? I would think not, but you never know. Would it be an invasion of privacy if they do have access to them?", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "Everyone..", "I mean really, is that what HA is going to resort to?  Combing over the listings of anyone who complains?", 
"", "Many factors can influence search position such as:", "I got one of those a week ago from Elizabeth Daniel - from the Ukraine. ", 
"Are you talking about CC processing alternatives, or service fee alternatives? HA is dead set on having the fee, and by the year end they will force every owner to accept HA payments (or Alternate payments) so that they can add on their fee. Many PMs seem to be exempt though. As such, there is no service fee \"alternative\" as long as you continue to list on HA/VRBO. Soon they will also close the direct owner/traveler communication precisely because they don't want owners using their own PayPros or whatever set up to process bookings that avoid the fee.", 
"Senor Alvarez's inquiry has not shown up in either my inquiry column or my inbox.", 
"I just last week had a guest not book and stated I was because of the fees. I tried to explain the fees were vrbo but it was too late they made other arrangements.", 
"You have to take care of yourself because the old H/A and the way we used it is DEAD. ", 
"Its difficult for those with limited amount for advertising to list multiple places...  I don't have the $ to pay multiple subscriptions and I can't pay a subscription one place and get hit with commissions on another.  Hence for me, If I choose to go elsewhere I will probably delist from here, unless they lower the entry level subscription.", 
"have you?", " ", " ", "Has my Flood insurance gotten ridiculously high?  YesDoes my profit justify my risk?   Doubtful", 
" ", " ", "", "\"The harm to my Canadian rental is in users of this forum attempting to drive guests away from Homeaway via TV, Forums, twitter etc in order to prove their point.\"", 
" ", "Sure, they were hampered in early days, and still suffer the hangover effect as evidenced here by the many people who are reluctant to consider them as a booking source, by stories of people hosting sex parties at rented NYC apartments. Since then, they have attracted serious venture capital and high profile investors (A-Grade Investments, for one) and have stepped up, stepped out and now they are \"all in\".", 
" ", "", "However, I will try to find something.", "OMG, I laughed so hard, I fell off my chair.", 
"", "I would want Homeaway to publish the specific guidelines to be followed in deciding any cases of misrepresentation or withholding of monies, but I expect this is very unlikely . . . . ", 
" ", " ", "Anyone in FL that can weigh in on how this is playing out?", 
"I'm really not sure why so many members continually ignore all the signs that HA has given.  Even the spin responses speak volumes.  When you speak in spin and refuse to truly answer a question, it shows that you do not respect the other person....they are not worthy of the truth.  And it shows you believe they are not intelligent enough to see through it.", 
" ", "What about prices? Snow picture was taken day after Christmas 2010, we were there finishing up the last repairs on the house before renting it out. ", 
" ", "Not that people shouldnt use RM or anything like that, but it is not unique to eCheck.", 
"There should be a safeguard against this occuring. ", "We have sent you a link to review and sign the Rental Agreement on Cudasign.com.  You can view the rental agreement and sign on your computer, smartphone or tablet and it only takes a few minutes.  ", 
" ", "Thank you for taking the time to look at my listing.  I appreciate the insight.  ", 
" ", "I only take checks in general, although I recently accepted a BIN cc.  I dont like the chargeback risk, so I removed BIN (at least while I still can).", 
"OMG. I just figured it out as I was typing. ", " ", "They will deactivate my VHR listing? How?  besides, I put that in the mail with the quote to my VHR or other source inquirers. I have not had any noteworthy  inquiries since fee via VRBO> ", 
"Before you complain about unfairness, take a moment to think it through, please.", 
"Percent", "Casey, while you say that we are seeing many owners who are not paying the fee. Are they not paying because they never enacted HA payments? That does seem unfair to those that participate in what was asked. NOT that I want them to start paying, but you have to understand that would mean that to compete with those properties, I must now EAT the fee to stay competitive. That sure doesn't seem right to me.", 
" ", " ", "2. Yes. I would, provided that it worked And translated into leads and bookings,", 
"Brand new, they have been working on it. A couple of weeks ago they starting allowing the import of reviews. ", 
"All of you claiming to be \"customers\" of VRBO-Homeaway should consider that it has been more than 10 years since the company considered you a customer.", 
"What are your thoughts?  ", " ", " ", "Huh? on PPB? ", "But, I do wonder why it didn't occur to Homeaway that owners could simply leave for Airbnb If pushed too hard . . . . ", 
"The only thing left to do is change my ABB calendar to be primary instead of HA.  ", 
" ", "Learn more about check in payments here:", " ", "If you use your card abroad the differences get very large.. $2 per transaction + 3% of the value.. That adds up quote a bit. ", 
"When you pay the fees that property managers pay, you too can be \"at the top\".  When you rent the amount of properties that PM rent then you to can be", 
"scottr wrote:", " ", "mike-dfv wrote:", "Ditto for me.  Zero bookings since the fee.  My peak summer season is booked up (less one recently cancelled stay), but typically at this time of year, I'm filling in open Spring dates and taking reservations for September and October.  Between the two properties, I have 6 weeks open in May.  This hasn't happened in 4 years of renting!  So, thank you just same HA - I don't believe my listings need tweaking and my rates are fine.  Best Match should have me placing well up in the search results according to thale's bell curve since I have availability...    and traveler's have no problem with the service fee, so WHAT'S UP?  Why am I not getting bookings??  ", 
"The PM has over 100 listings. HA is aware of this listing’s wording about the fee", 
" ", "In its first ten years, 1995 - 2005, VRBO's growth was organic.", 
" ", "Their software will detect those kinds of coded messages, as ABB's does.  ", 
" ", "thale wrote:", "New: Users cannot post a review or response for the direct purpose of forcing the other party to pay or return funds as that is not beneficial to the community as a whole.", 
"Very strange behavior on HA's part - first they are showing owners that platinum is worthless - so they happily give up $900 per year per owner in revenue.", 
" ", " ", "Retired (F)", "I don't approve of a smear campaign that a company undertakes against its paying customers and inventory providing base, considering that they are now ticks who have latched onto my business.", 
"I Actually do this a few times a year.. O have donated to charity auctions and it raises money for the charity and gives me an equal write off..... Makes me happy! ", 
"Stay tuned for the april announcement that Brian alluded to in his blog post to learn how we plan to evolve the subscription model.", 
"Shoppers are not going to pay HA nor Airbnb nor anyone else $500 for the right to create a rental agreement.", 
" ", " ", "It appears that you guys need to accept my friend request, which seems weird since I thought you all had friend requested me, first.   (who knows!)", 
" ", "", " ", "ANd the communications crafted to reach those of us who supply inventory have been demeaning, authoritarian, and we have been left in the dark about changes that have been made that could very well hurt our success on this site. All the while, we pay for this service.", 
"I would think that both their computers and their humans have that ability.", 
" The key for any ecosystem business is to embrace, nurture and strengthen the fulcrum as the levers that generate new revenue and income opportunities are added.  Obviously, improving the flow of guest opportunities for property owners is one of the best ways to nurture and grow your fulcrum.  Your recent addition of a \"service fee,\" and particularly its presentation, works against that goal.  However, there is a way to squeeze that lemon and make some sweet lemonade.  ", 
"Who does that kind of stuff? My word!", "Just wondering.", "And is the cost for classic $399 or $349? ", 
"Keep us posted, please.", "1. remove any links you have to VRBO or HA", 
" ", "Hey, VR, you forgot to mention many of your suggestions are based on suggestions other community members gave you about your first video. No problem, you listened to what was being suggested, made many changes and now have a great video.", 
"", "Be aware that some of these scammers are now using less-ethnic sounding names and are lying about their home country as well....claiming to be from Norway or Switzerland or ________.  ", 
"I hope they don't close the owner/guest communication. Not every guest wants to book now, they have questions they need answers to. Many guests are shopping around. They don't want to book if you don't have a fire pit for example, they want to ask first. We have so many people wanting to hold their wedding at our home, but we don't allow weddings, so they ask first. Owners can set up Square credit card processing for guests who don't want to pay the fee. Repeat guests would appreciate having another option, they already know you and the property so won't care about the new \"added value.\" Square does not charge a set up or annual fee.", 
" ", " ", "everything you are feeling has already been posted over and over again.", 
"It is very difficult to justify paying subscription fees for several site.  I struggled with going live on VHR and paying another several hundred dollars. I did the trial and received more inquires in one day that VRBO got me in 4 months. I used that as justification to paying. ", 
" ", "If I am disappeared from the forum, there are members who know how to reach me . . . .", 
"The above rough numbers might be typical , average, among vacation rental property owners.. As you can see, the annual costs of operating the property equal its annual rental sales revenue..", 
"Will I continue to make a profit were I to pay HA 4-9% per transaction.  Very Doubtful and I don't intend to find out.", 
"They are so intent on being Airbnb clones that they cannot imagine that there is a demand for a classic VRBO model. Those who stick with HA should be prepared to lose what little control over the booking process remains.", 
"I refuse to be angry.  My anger will not impact them at all.  They don't care about us or about the quality of their business.  I will take my time and energy in updating my web site and see what else is out there. ", 
"We are not a party to any rental or other agreement between users.  This is true even if the Site allows you to book a rental or provides other ancillary products or services, as the Site may facilitate booking a rental or other tools, services or products, but we are not a party to any rental or other agreement between users.   ", 
"", "Of course, although our complaints will not affect the behavior of travelers, the fee itself will.", 
" ", "1. Average fee that I am personally seeing is 8-10%, not 6%.", 
"5. Castei made a point that this seemed that while bookings were increasing, MOST online bookable properties were NOT getting booked. The important point here is that we're just looking at a slice of 9 days - that's only 2.5% of the days in a year. So we might expect to see 30-40X these booking figures for a total year. Bookable properties by contrast are relatively static: those figures don't change dramatically over the course of the year. ", 
" ", "Good one!  Oh my gawd, I can't stop laughing.", "So the question is Tom, just how much business will HA lose before there is a change? Remember when Expedia purchased the VR and it failed within a year?  Will HomeAway follow suite?", 
"It's concerning because they seem to do everything they do (except maybe domain name selection) pretty poorly.", 
"1) I think the biggest sin was when Brian Sharples and Tom Hale decided a buy-out by Expedia would be a good thing. Yes, they got an initial pocket full of money. But, they are now living to regret that decision. It's biting them straight in the butt as they now experience the heavy hand of Expedia coming down upon them making demands for more money....more profits. Squeeze the market harder. We don't care where you get the money from....but there better be improved profit margin numbers at our next quarterly board meeting or your jobs are history! Imagine being the success story you are as an executive, and are now threatened as insufficient and incapable. What must that do to your ego? Sharples and Hale should never have agreed to the buyout. That is sin #1 and therefore carries with it the largest portion of the blame. I could see where temporary greed has now become a permanent burden.", 
"So my question to Hill:", " ", " ", "There will will be some sort of ultimate resolution to this problem we face. It might be the rising success of a competitor. It might mean roaring success for an enterprising and insightful startup. It might be success of this new compensation model that HA has implemented, although without some big changes I don't really see that happening. ", 
"I am not at all familiar with your market or your competition without studying the other listings (no time!).  I would suggest that you find several of the highest-priced homes similar to yours (even if they have a view or some other special amenity), and increase your rate closer to theirs, assuming their calendar is not wide open!", 
"You handled this well, in my opinion. I know that I would have done the same, at the end...e.g. eat the $25 fee afterall the trouble it was for the guest to book.   ", 
"Stone, you are absolutely right............exactly why if there is a problem with the payment from the guest, it is a \"red flag\" for me and I choose to cancel reservations that have those issues. I am \"thankful\" that the \"bounced e-check\" was prior to me giving out access codes to the guest...or it might have been worse than it was. ", 
" ", " ", "Thank you in advance for your explanation. ", "My concern is around the cabin with the open calendar.   The first week of March was booked back in January, and this last weekend was booked through AirBnB.  The month of March would typically have been booked in January or February.  As you observed, Best Match has moved the booking window in.  I have also observed this and agree that 21 days is pretty close as we are primarily a drive-to locations.  When The Service Fee went into effect, we were booked 3 weeks out.  Now we are three weeks later and no bookings.  The short booking window is why I am feeling the effects of no inquiries (and thus no bookings) so soon.  ", 
"But it's what travelers want, dontcha know?", " ", " ", "According to the analytics page, HA updates the counts every 24-48 hours.  So the data points for March should be reflected in the graphs.", 
"I like this. I will do this on my VHR inquiries as well. I just listed with them 3/9 and received my first inquiry last night. Which is more than I can say for that lead-coated platinum subscription stuck in my craw.", 
"I never used reservation manager, hospitality app or the templates either so I completely understand.", 
"$0.00", "I was told by cs that everyone will have to pay through either the HA Payments or the Alternate payment methods by the end of the year. So then EVERYONE will be, unfortunately, making their guests pay the \"service fee\"", 
"Just asking to see if this in an official HA post or an owner post.", 
"I think Mr. Sharkles is learning this now. ", " ", "Not sure how much they have grown in the last couple of months as unlike many sites, they don't list numbers (that I can see anyway)", 
"In 2006, when HA acquired VRBO, I telephoned the customer service department and was informed that HA considered the travelers to be the customers.", 
" ", " ", "Incidentally, your examples show that it is now very unwise for an owner to lump tax in with rent  because the guest will be charged a service fee on the tax, which would not happen if the tax were broken out.", 
"To what are you referring?  I think PPB is a HUGE mistake. Equivalent of leasing a car rather than owning.  Fine for the wealthy, but lousy deal for everyone else and a dumb financial decision.", 
" ", "I am curious about whether the Hospitality App will continue to function after shutoff -- it has been downloaded to phones, so perhaps it will.  I'll be sure to report back on that.  ", 
"Perhaps this is the problem.", "https://help.vrbo.com/articles/What-is-Check-in-Payment", 
"thank you ", "What happens if you use your Bank of America Explorer Card.  B of A does not charge for international usage.  I used it in Europe this past year and I did not have any conversion charges.", 
"\"at the top\".", " ", "Your condo association should not allow this to happen to you. They are just now starting a 4 month project?", 
"You are at grave risk of losing the best, brightest, and most committed owners. You don't have to take my word for it, you can read it from them directly.", 
" ", "Here is the last paragraph. ", "I'm so sick and tired of HA's punitive/coercive culture.   [...]", 
"However, when Homeaway acquired VRBO (and brought VRBO within the umbrella of HA's other sites) the strategy became \"growth through acquisition\" rather than organic growth. By using investor funding, IPO funding etc... HA has for years been able to record revenue growth by acquisition.", 
"I'm collecting information as we go along and will absolutely be posting something to my blog and Facebook once I formulate my own diversified strategy for the house. Travelers are not going to pay these fees and the concept of finding the same home on another site that doesn't implement fees is probably something HA is underestimating.", 
" ", "It is interesting that they would say \"The service fee is not optional for owners or managers . . . . The service fee is not a meaningful (substantive) change to subscriptions, because the service fee is paid by the traveler and not the owner.\" That sounds like something out of Alice in Wonderland.", 
" ", "", " ", "The HomeAway template has a place for:\" Learn more about this vacation rental at the owner's website\"", 
" ", "Retired (M)", "acbrown1969 wrote:", "MY understanding is that you get no charitable dedution for something like this. Ask CPA for advice on that too. ", 
" ", " ", "Platinum could have worked if per market area, no more Platinum were sold that fits on page 1 or 2. So if page fits 50 listings, only 50 Platinums should have been sold on 1st come 1st serve basis. (or 100, if you want to spread over 2 pages depending on market side). But not more.  And so on. Right now HA sold a to owners smoke in mirrors, and no matter how many times you or anyone say that \"platinums\" are sorted above golds etc. Since algorithm is not completely known or disclosed, it is all just advertising (and possibly false one at that).", 
"regards,", "Count me in too. But how will you be able to reach us? I thought the private messaging has been disabled in this community…?", 
" ", "\"Not too many years ago, a top ranking position on a well-performing vacation rental listing site could be purchased annually for around $350. That cost has now increased to as much as $1850 on a subscription basis, or even more if one is paying on a commission basis. Now, the subscription listing is under assault of having so-called ‘user fees’ tacked on, such that the cost to a vacation rental owner with $50,000 in annual revenue will be in the range of $6,000 to $7,000. That is a far cry from $350.\"", 
"Thanks", " ", " ", " ", "I'm fairly certain I had the same person contact me about a year ago.  So weird.  ", 
".", " ", "I'm with you.  I just booked two stays via Airbnb for the first time ever.  My old \"go to\" company was HA.  If I'm going to pay a fee, it won't be to HA/VRBO.  I have decided to sell my property, as I need to make at least 2 bookings a month to make it worthwhile.  This was easy prior to service fees.  I haven't had a booking since.  I don't have the time or money to wait to see how things turn out, and this is after getting a website, FB, going to other sites, etc... ", 
"2. Do not use calendar widgets that drives traffic to the VRBO HA brand", 
" ", "Wow it is greatly improved. Now I want a drown for my rental video.", 
"", " ", "YOU don't want it and I don't want it, but HA wants to collect the fee. Exactly BECAUSE owners can set up other credit card processing and go around HA IF owner has traveler email/phone, HA WILL eventually  block owner /traveler communications, wait and see. it will be like ABB if you have a listing there. ", 
"Couldn't get an answer from HA, though, as to what that massive run of page views has to do with being hacked.", 
"I have notified all my past guests about the fees. ", "And a lot of it deleted by Tom Hale from HA", 
"For over two years I was only on VRBO. Did not see the benefit to use another site. Well like everyone else I got screwed by them. ", 
"when was last?", " ", "Please post here if you agree or disagree with the above rough numbers, My point is that I doubt very much  that many of us have been \"getting rich\" owning and operating are vacation rental properties.", 
" ", "I do not  understand Homeaway's (and now Expedia) desire to emulate the AirBnB \"transaction business model\".", 
"Smart business is to make as much profit as you can in the long term. Meaning, smart business looks ahead and makes sure it will have opportunity to generate steady profit a quarter, a year, 5 years down the road. The now-now-now business may reap higher profit NOW, THIS quarter, but may destroy ANY profit potential in the future. IMO HA is doing the latter, and the whole driving force behind it is Sharples has to demonstrate the BIG windfall (fee income) to Expedia NOW so he can collect his millions and ride off into the sunset. He does not care what would happen to HA profits a year, 5 years down the road. ", 
"", "Consumer research would support that people looking to book a vacation home spend their time perusing inventory and not owner forums that are of no consequence to them. There just isn't any value to a vacation renter perusing this forum. There isn't anything here for them and there isn't any reason why they would even come here. It's just not how people spend their time. ", 
" ", "they are game changers and because of them HA's valuation was seven times of their gross annual revenue because of the potential that Airbnb highlights to the market (Expedia), ", 
" ", "", "Good luck and take care.", "Someone pinch me.", "", 
" ", " ", " ", "As a Florida owner, I can confirm that TDT and sales tax has to be paid on monies received by you.", 
"But no worries....soon HA's commission won't even be the topic of discussion.  You will next be distracted with the closed communication system and HA setting the cancellation policies.  Of course they will be so kind to allow you to select the cancellation policy yourself.  Maybe the stricter ones will also have an added cost/commission....just another form of monetization.", 
" ", " ", "I had this experience about a year ago, Rick, and have commented about it several times. Like yours, mine was supposedly a one digit typo in the account number. It is, indeed, disappointing that funds that don't exist were deposited then withdrawn with an excessive $25 fee. Where did these phantom funds come from in the first place, I wonder. I also ate the fee to keep the guest satisfied with the process.", 
" ", "I have some accounts online in which I make payments for some bills and I am always required to input my account details *twice* before confirming the transaction. ", 
"You should receive an email from rentals@ourdomain.com via Cudasign.com  Please review and sign the contract to confirm your reservation.", 
"Inquiries are down as the internet has forever changed how we shop and spend. We all use the net to do comparison shopping. We all look for the best deals everyday. Amazon is a market maker who uses the power of their massive user base to create value for their customers. HA was a market maker in VR but no longer creates value. HA cannot use the power of its user base because they are not offering value to the user base with Best Match and the service fee. The user base has little reason to continue to use HA under these policies. Offering guarantees that may be needed on less than 1000th of 1 % of rentals offers little to no value to entice anyone to pay high service fees. There must be value or consumers will move on. Inquiries are the most important indicator and I have yet to hear from anyone that inquiries are up. Consumers are smart shoppers who shop price. Amazon and other market makers offer value and thus the user base grows. How would HAs user base grow under the current policies? The owner and consumer see little value. Vacationers seeking a property will do what they do everyday for any purchase decision. They will comparison shop..search and find the best deal and bypass fees that offer zero value.", 
" ", " ", "Here are some ideas for safeguarding payments:", 
"They are showing the AVERAGE nightly rate as the amount the traveler will pay WHEN BUNDLED WITH THE FEE!! ", 
" ", "It's all lip service.", " ", "$999.99", "The unfortunate thing is this. First, there should be NO fee, but since there is one when it was rolled out, they should have made it mandatory for everyone. I am not upset that those that don't have the fee have an advantage, I am upset that I have a disadvantage. Seems that those that agreed to participate in the \"tools\" are now the ones that are being seriously \"challenged\". Oh well, we all know that life is not fair and this is just another example of working through unfairness.", 
" ", "I don't think he cares. Didn't he make a bunch of money with the Expedia buyout? Now he'll sell his stock and Expedia will learn about this the hard way.", 
"3. I would expect all of the listed benefits and perhaps a commission paid back to me from HA for letting them make money off of listing my home", 
"My area has increased from 3 listings to 11 in a week.", "This is different from VRBO founder David Clouse, who (from 1995 to 2006)  considered the property owner to be his customer.", 
"I go by tax laws that I read.  Do you have better advice?", 
" ", "I would assume the same but based on what some on this thread are saying, the \"problem\" cold end up with the owner... others are arguing that it doesn't.", 
"You wrote \" HomeAway is also holding that money now. \"", "Homeaway could very well be sending its owners into Airbnb's arms.   Hmmm.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", "The Rules are contained in the current \"contract\", aka \"Terms and Conditions\". Please remember this \"contract\" is binding upon BOTH parties.", 
"Yes, I noticed that on my September Newsletter that was emailed to me.  A .75% increase is really significant.  Does that go through Yapstone or VacationRentalPayments?  If so, this is the organization that just jeopardized our identities.", 
" ", "I understand  your position. I was just stating my observation that listing levels did create more views, but not more inquiries.  What if HA provided you this info:", 
"I believe she meant there were four months of off season when the work could have been done.", 
"I have said this here and on the Yahoo forum. Best Match picks the pockets of the top producers. We are the best for a reason: price, quality product, great service. It is not acceptable for us to go from 100% occupancy to 80 or 90% -- that difference in income is enough to get us to go do something else.", 
"While May is a shoulder season in Myrtle Beach, it nevertheless equates to a $7000 loss in revenue, not to mention a $900 dent in the wallets of my hardworking cleaning / maintenance staff.  ", 
" ", " ", "Organic growth is more challenging that growth by acquisition. Organic requires good sense business  policies, customer satisfaction and retention etc....", 
" ", "If you are successful, though, and they find out, they'll deactivate your listing.  ", 
" ", " ", "Old:", "Now they are taking away our only tool for removing a dishonest review.", 
" ", "(Im not a lawyer and no nothing about law)", "Machine Operator - Coats and Clark (F)", 
"... considering that they are now ticks who have latched onto my business.", 
"I Have asked our CPA and he has give us the green ligtht to do this. It's like donating a car to a charity... Yo get the write off for what it sold for..... Tax free, including sales tax. But the org must be 501-C or whatever the official designation is. I set a minimum and it always draws in more than what I would Rent for anyway. It's been great for us. ", 
"regards,", "IMO all VRBO listings above a condo level are dead now and will have few to no inquiries.  The shoppers will go directly to PMs now or search google for the better inventory.", 
" ", " ", "maybe an additional FaceBook page of \"friends\" (fellow owners with common interest to be more exact)", 
" ", "", " Can I get some clarification? On the VRBO dashboard, on the right, under the calendar there is a box that states “Accepted Booking Requests” “Up to last 10” and then provides a # of # in green in an oval. I am set up with BIN but never get any BIN requests, so ignoring them, if I get a reservation request but the fee is not correct, I go in and adjust the fee and then send a payment request and the traveler books, I do not get credit for this and if my number was 9 of 10 it will fall to 8 of 10. Is this what you are saying?", 
"I Think the PR department should be fired or else the management should get out of the way and let them do their jobs,", 
"I don't understand the second part of your question.  What's \"privacy\"?", 
" You are facilitating an exchange that involves both sides of the deal establishing trust.  Guests want accurate descriptions of the properties, and when they arrive, they also expect the property to meet that description, be clean and available for their occupancy.  Property owners want high occupancy (rent as many days as possible) and respectful guests that take care of their property.", 
"If my memory serves me correctly, I believe I did as well! SMH. I find it extremely insulting. Assuming that your art is equal to my rental property rates, the time it takes to prep and clean etc.....wow! ", 
"1. MOST will not leave - oblivious, owners renting out part time, too afraid to go it alone, hands off owners", 
"Its 399 if you dont want the BIN discount (or take the discount but then you are locked in to BIN, which we will probably soon be locked in anyways).", 
"Can you not get enough bookings through ABB, Flipkey, and VHR?", 
"3. Build you own web site and always link to that and book direct, simply use checks and or other methods ", 
" ", "Freudian slip? Some changes HA make me want to drown my VR. Wouldn't take much. 100 years from now the whole building may fall into the ocean.", 
"Please note that although these factors influence search rankings, VRBO also considers other factors, such as traveler conversion and relevance to travelers in order to optimize their marketplace, not only for owners but for travelers as well.", 
"However, when I got a recent Ukraine scam inquiry with their name and address included, I responded with something like, \"What a coincidence.  My husband is in that town right now on business, Where can he meet you to pick up the cheque?\"  lol  I never heard back from them.  ", 
"Since I am fairly new to the vacation rental market, I've never had to process credit cards myself...I've always had VRBO do it.  I have lost 3 bookings in the last 2 weeks, however, that can be directly attributed to this new booking fee.  Rather than use a credit card only processing company, does anyone use PayPal?  I've used it for other transactions on Ebay, etc., and it allows the buyer, or guest, to use either their checking account for no fee, or a credit card for 2.9%.  I don't particularly want to accept checks directly, so I thought this might be a good solution.  Then, if the guest wants to use a credit card, I'll just add the 2.9% fee to their total so I don't have to absorb it from my rates.  Thoughts???", 
" ", "Some of us have hundreds past guests and inquirers. When we notify them (via email), granted, many emails will not be read. But  even if 10  emails out of 200 are read, imagine the overall effect. Add to that social media, etc. Eventually many if not most traveler will KNOW. ", 
"I am not surprised that these sites have been deleted by T.H.", 
"My opinion, for what ever it is worth it is in your and all of ours best interest to look at alternatives to promote our property on places other than Expedia family.", 
"Scanning my email, I see Tom Hale last posted on March 11 in a thread, \"it's not best match, it's the service fee\"", 
"I enjoy \"speaking\" with you and many other members of this forum - it's been informative and fun.", 
"I lose $200 per booking but I plan on making it up in volume... ", 
" ", "FlipKey  tried to convert to a transaction model  and it did not work.", 
"the whole driving force behind it is Sharples has to demonstrate the BIG windfall (fee income) to Expedia NOW so he can collect his millions and ride off into the sunset", 
"AirBnBs T & Cs state the following...", "", "Steve ", " ", 
"2. “Second, I want to acknowledge that we are in the middle of a huge shift for the industry.\" ", 
"I hope this helps you all to see what kind of bookings volumes we are seeing even with Service Fee and that 2016 continues to be very strong. As we get deeper into the year, marketing spending and A/B test optimizations should accelerate the growth in bookings even further: and that's good for you.", 
"Thanks PatPat.  I especially like to hear about humorous and ironic rental-related stories.  I once had a phone call from the electric company servicing my beach home (that was managed by a Property Management company at that time).  The renters had called the electric company to complain about a power outage on New Year's eve, stating that they had 30 additional guests arriving in one-half hour for their wedding (in my home), and insisted on having the power immediately restored.  It wasn't funny at the time, but I can now find humor in that PM related story.", 
"Anyone see any parallels here?", "Regards,", "Really, though, this is just another layer of the nebulous protection in place (there's also the CC company and whatever payment processor is used).", 
"2) I think the \"Best Match\" algorithm was created as the initial revenue enhancement model they had hoped would show larger profit margins. I think they are playing with the parameters of the search engine to try to fudge the bookings over and onto those listings that generate the highest profit margins. I think THAT is the algorithm that we keep trying to figure out but can never put a finger upon. Shame on them for not being up front and honest.", 
"Would some of this description apply to your property?", " ", 
"OK, I'll have to concede that in light of all the evidences presented here in our exchange, Sharples and Hale conceived and started this purposed transition in the online booking model long before the sale to Expedia. The jury is still out on whether this model modification was the preamble to making the site attractive for the sale or not. Regardless, it seems apparent Sharples and Hale have decided to steer this train wreck. Despite my best efforts to give them the benefit of the doubt, very little room for doubt remains when the evidence is so overwhelming.", 
"IN the meantime, I think we are all wise to begin formulating a plan B. As my dad used to say.... Failing to plan is planning to fail. Maybe that's something HA failed to take into consideration these last few months. ", 
"As to your previous question on raising rates for your few remaining open nights, it might be the perfect opportunity for you to \"test\" your bookings at a higher rate since you have less risk.", 
" ", "Still the \"glass half full\" kinda girl, I guess! ", 
" ", " ", "Hi Tom;", "The high number of Platinum listings is due to the high number of Property Managers.  Almost 2/3 of the properties are PM managed,  and they get a discounted rate for Platinum listings.  I don't plan to pay for platinum, as I booked 140 nights last year (avg for the area is 100), and paying for Platinum feels like throwing good money after bad.   Last year at this time,  it was spring and the resorts were closing early.  This year, the snow is good and the resorts are very busy.  I'm fine with last minute, as I've gotten used to that with Best Match, and winter bookings have always followed a snow forecast. ", 
"Travelers also DON'T want that Service fee and they DO want to communicate with the owner prior to booking.  Anyone see HA caring one whit about what travelers want and don't want there?", 
" ", " ", "However as we all know, HA has forced us to fly blind.  They removed our real-time count from the bottom of our listings page several months ago.  I used to be able to see how page-views were doing on a daily basis.  Now I have to rely on HA analytics, which are most likely a mix of real data and make-believe data.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "My one mistake was to check off that I would accept BIN (once I understood I had 24hrs for vetting) and listing checks (not e checks, not credit cards) just checks as an acceptable form of payment, which was the way I had always been doing business.", 
"9.00%", "Hi Twobits … a couple of things.", "Thanks, Pat", 
"TThat may very well be true. See my note above. ", "Yes, I would like my $1650 back from HA.  I have now making double payments---from the old HA and the new HA.  Wouldn't it be nice if they did not", 
"Well that is sure a promising sign. Thank you swirlypop. I am going to definitely give it a shot, what not.", 
"So, for the past 10 years HA management has been making website policy based on what the company believes is what the traveler wants.", 
" ", "Its the same thing with BIN and \"heads in beds\".    HA only cares about bookings.  Why should they be concerned with avoiding the spring break party crowds?  HA doesnt care.  In fact they encourage partiers and fraudsters to enter our homes, or at best HA looks the other way when stolen cc's are used.", 
" ", " ", "The travelers will decide.  Right now they're shunning VRBO.  AirBnB travelers love AirBnB, and go back to that platform repeatedly.  ", 
"Last year I didn't renew for a month after expiration so I've been through this before.  I noticed then that the HA calendar updates stopped and my listing disappeared -- no other changes.     ", 
"Edited…", "The biggest vector for Fraud remains Phishing of an owners email account. Secure communications has made the marketplace far safer, but phished owner accounts are STILL a problem. Unlike other platforms, we do allow our subscription owners to access the unmasked email address and phone number, because it enables vetting and is the practice for some of our longstanding customers to use their own, unmasked email addresses. For these users, we recommend that they turn on two factor validation in their email service (like you suggest with Gmail). ", 
" ", " ", "So us peons will always be at the bottom unless some changes are now made to equalize the playing field.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "\"AVOID PAYING TRAVELER FEES OF UP TO 10% from third party sites when you book online through Bryant Real Estate’s website or call us direct at (800) 322 – 3764 . Reference property: Oxford's Sand Castle – W044.\"", 
" ", "I really miss the old VRBO. It felt like I had a true partner. ", 
"Once the word gets out that this service fee exists, particularly when coupled with the knowledge that the homeowner subscriber base actively resisted these changes, travelers will make an instantaneous decision to search for vacation rentals elsewhere. ", 
" ", "Of course when HA finds it convenient it does not hesitate to ignore its own terms and conditions or redefines common words to unrecognizable forms.", 
" ", "New:", " ", "And the VRBO template has a place for: \"Links for more information\"", 
"Regardless of which court system would hold jurisdiction over the action, to only be able to remove lies and deliberately false statements on a site you pay to subscribe on only after some court renders a judgement sounds like about a year in time and an unknown amount of money to me.", 
"Farm Worker (F)", "Hahaahaaaa - now that's a depiction!  Expedia/HA as a bloodsucking tick that has latched on.  Sorry, but I simply can not resist the temptation...", 
"Donation of use of the property.   You use a dwelling unit for personal purposes if: ", 
" ", " ", "But the bigger point is this. To me it is really not important how Platinums are sorted within Platinums, Golds within Golds etc. bigger issue is that HA consistently pushes PMs listings (yes, those with \"call us to bypass booking fee\" too )  and PPB listings and now listings with empty calendars (hmm, maybe they are empty because PM is doing bait and switch, or they are empty because they are CRAPPY and no one wants them) above Platinums even -  BECAUSE HA THINKS THEY HAVE A BETTER CHANCE TO GET THEIR PRECIOUS FEE. So no matter what HA says, Platinum subscribers DID NOT get what they paid for. For that matter, neither did Gold, Silver and Bronze, anything above Classic.", 
"tom", " ", " ", "\"Don't kid yourself about user fees. Listing sites would have you believe that the fees they charge come out of the guest's pocket, and not yours, but if the guest is paying those fees, that is money that you could be charging the guest instead.  The guest pays a total cost to stay in your property.  They don't care where the money goes… they just care that they don't have it. You're providing the accommodations, paying for advertising, covering operating expenses and taking all the risks.  That money should be in your hands, not the listing site's.\"", 
" ", " ", "I would think any communication conducted through the site is \"theirs\".  It's not ours.  ", 
" ", "While we would all rather have cash, I don't know that I would definitely turn down \"Art\". It would depend on what the artist considered Art though. I have a friend who paints and her oils are very very expensive. I also have many framed prints and they are no drop in the bucket. Besides, weren't you taught as a child it never hurts to ask, but to be prepared for the answer to be \"no\"? ", 
"2. some will be pushed to turn over to PMs", " ", "Holy crap.  HomeAway just keeps going further and further.  Clearly they are trying to make all the changes that aggravate owners in one fell swoop in the hopes that we will forget and not be reminded each time they flog us again.  Don't forget, fellow owners.  Let's make sure we remember what kind of \"partner\" HomeAway really is.", 
"4. Don't spend your time dealing with all the HA VRBO nonsense, focus on your rental on your own. ", 
"This was a professional video and I doubt that it was harmful to anyone.", 
"You sound like you are at the bottom with the whole VR / HA mess- whats it called?  \"capitulation\"?", 
"", "This is slightly off topic, but I put a sofa on Craigslist and got this email. \"I'm okay with item condition and price. I am going to send a Cashier's check so you will know check is good. I am going to make arrangements for Fedex to pick item up. Please send me your name, etc, etc\" You know how the rest goes. The reason that I am posting about this is \"and it could be a total coincidence,\" but the sofa was being sold out of my VR.", 
"yes. You can invoice traveler for the amount. ", "Sorry, Pablo!  Didn't work.  Loser.", 
"already done a month ago. I suggest EVERYONE send their past guests an e-mail", 
" ", "With VHR I looked at it like if I get one good or two bookings through them it paid for itself. Three from them is making money.", 
" ", " ", "But officer, I was running out of gas so I had to go over the speed limit so I would get to the gas station before I ran out.", 
"It appears that the majority of VRs on Galveston Island do NOT make a profit.      With high property taxes and Flood and Windstorm Insurance that dwarf the property tax,  I have to bring in a lot of money before I can even break even.   Many are homes that people bought so they can spend some time at them and hope to mitigate their expenses by renting.   It is nearly impossible to make a profit when you are paying a property manager.    As for those that manage their own bookings and maintenance,   I pretty much know how much they make.  Those that file their Hotel Occupancy taxes are public record and looking at comparable properties I do better than most.    We all know this (or any) business is a delicate balance,   There are tipping points.   The difference between losing money and being profitable can be very small.     Saving 1 or 2 % can sometime tip the balance.    This year I've been asking summer renters to pay by check to save the CC transaction cost (thank you bobbie)  and found that hardly anyone has a problem with that.  I do keep CC's for rentals with shorter notice and for reservation fees.  but saving a few percent is a big deal.  So the point most of us absolutely understand is if 1 or 2% is a big deal, then service fees (especially those not really providing any service) are a much bigger deal and simply won't fly.  ", 
"The reason a transaction model works for AirBnB is the demographic of both the property type (urban city setting rooms or short term 2 night to one week visits) as well as the demographic of its traveler base (young people).", 
" ", "", "So, Mr. Secrets, I really wouldnt worry too much about this forum interfering with your rentals. ", 
"The fee isn't going to have the impact people think it will on rentals. ", 
"AIrbnb didn't get to be a $20 Billion company by being unfriendly to either of their customer bases.... Which are the same as HA.... There is the income generating, supply providing (vacation) home owner.,,, and then there is the guest who shops online for a couch to surf, a spare bedroom or now a villa to rent.", 
"No.  they are trying to SHIFT the VR industry and make it into hotel operation. It is not shifting by itself.", 
"", "So sorry to hear about your illness!", "", "", " ", " ", 
"Any other reason your property would be 'recession proof'?", 
"As the service fee is not received by you, it does not have to be declared as taxable income.", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", " ", "A typo in the account number field is not like a bounced check. The account is real, the money is available; the guest made a simple mistake that we all make several times a day when typing. If you, VRP, errantly deposit funds in my account, don't charge me for your mistake. Verify the account first!", 
"Good idea, but it sounds like the OP's issue was that the traveler entered an incorrect bank acct #, so there was no way to remove any funds from the travelers account.", 
" The usual protocols for 'logging' into online systems, using either emails as user names or passwords,  commonly requires entering the data *twice*.....and there is no penalty for mishaps...only a message to re-enter data.   ", 
"Note:  Please check your spam folder if you do not see the Rental Agreement email from Cudasign.com.", 
" ", " ", " ", "http://goo.gl/DZBkuZ", "That's such ********. ", 
" ", "Open letter to Brian Sharples,", " ", "$1,000.00", " ", 
"I'm an owner -- and probably a soon-to-be ex-HA subscriber.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "double dip by charging you twice for the same rentals.  Couldn't they at least wait until my first contract with them was up??  Any company that would charge twice for the same service should be held accountable.  Will they??  Well I will be honest, I will not hold my breath.", 
"I just received it as well thanks.  ", "The most recent policy changes are simply an extension of what has been happening for the past decade. The significant difference now, at least for my business, is that I am no longer receiving inquiries (or bookings) from VRBO-HA the way I did in years past.", 
"We are all ears ", " ", "For me personally, it doesn't matter as in Europe, the \"taxman\" is only interested in what comes in and goes out of my bank account.", 
"I was asking is since WHEN HA is holding your money now? I thought it may have been on PPB listings which I do not have. But I recently had  a deposit to my bank from travelers paying balances, so I am not aware of HA holding my money.", 
"It looks like they do, however AirBnB travelers usually not in the my market/type of property /location it seems. ", 
"In my big corporate list I forgot Comcast. I think this is a good example. They have teaser rates and if you don't cancel your 3 or 12 months free HBO you are charged $50 per month of HBO and it's non-refundable. ", 
"Bobbie, I did select blocked from the drop down, I didn't enter anything manually. Sorry, the way i explained it was not clear.", 
" ", "VRBO.COM User Agreement", "Also, I have 5 condos and just renewed three of them with HA and VRBO.  The rates have risen considerably.  So much so that I dropped the Global Bundle.  Even a small ($35 discount for multiple listings) still cost me $1,513 per rental.  ", 
"Maybe all of the regulars on the forum should consolidate under a phony \"property manager\" umbrella and get all the PM perks??  ", 
"Platinum    500 Views/mo      25  Inquiries/mo", "It also would have been less expensive in that window, but many people wait until the large sum of money they've loaned the government interest free (ie tax returns) is returned to tackle projects.", 
"The \"pretty-good\" home, maybe with a 3.5 to 4 star rating, owned by the occasional renter (yes, the guy who leaves the old mayo in the fridge, and his stuff in the closet) will become the new standard bearer of the HomeAway brand. Meanwhile the very fabulous Beyonce is all over mainstream media because she stayed here.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", "TThey don't need to advertise vrbo, it's a waste of money! People already know about it and use it. If they have truly incorporated an exclusivity clause, they are screwing themselves And setting themselves up for a lawsuit. They are interfering with our ability to conduct business. I wonder if they are subject to antitrust regulations wth this acquisition?", 
" ", "these companies are brutal, unethical, unconscionable, and are certainly not behaving like free-enterprise, competitive businesses but rather like North Korea, even trying to control what people say to each other!  It's absolutely shocking, in my opinion.", 
"Of course if they bump you down in the search rankings or take down your listing you would have to spend a lot of time, money and energy fighting HA.  In the end they have us over a barrel, well until our subscriptions end and we vote with our feet.", 
"As a side note: IF Bill had paid money to the fraudster PM for trip, this is exactly the type of situation that the Book with confidence guarantee is designed to protect against.", 
" ", "Its odd to see a company such as HA shoot themselves in the foot over and over again.", 
" ", "cannot the court issue cease and desist while they wait for the hearing? ", 
"Farm helper (F)", " ", " ", "tom", "VRBO will be left with condo-tels; which fit in great with Expedia's hotel offerings.", 
"They sure as heck can't have a tiered subscription model AND Best Match, hide homes not on BIN or HA Payments, etc.", 
"I think a vast majority of owners prefer the subscription model. Are you caught in the unfortunate web of the pay model? If so that may explain your post.", 
"This Forum can be censored and controlled at any time... it has happened", 
" ", "Thank You for the link. This is what we need, This is what every person that is looking to rent a vacation property needs to read.  I have the link saved and will be investigating listing with them.", 
"If this is the case, until VRBO figures this out, it looks like subscription owners might as well book outside of VRBO since we do not get credit for the booking, we at least save the traveler the booking fee. Am I missing some kind of benefit to the Best Match or placement  of my rental by still booking through VRBO if my Accepted Booking Requests never go up with fee revised bookings?", 
"a little communication goes a long way. That goes for good communication and bad communication.", 
" ", " The foundation for guest trust is the core model that charges property owners an annual subscription fee, and beyond that, guest comments on property listings go a long ways towards providing guests with that trust.  However, you have neglected to deliver better assurances for property owners.  I dare say without data that we probably face ten times as many problems as guests.", 
"This guy has made the rounds. I suspect that he contacts hundreds of owners (since so many of us have heard of him). I googled his work... It is not gallery quality... nothing most people would pay more than a couple hundred bucks for.", 
"3. PMs are over 60% of listings in my market.That my increase because of #2", 
" ", "H/A this is to YOU! I am sorry but that is just wrong! How can you justify this? This goes beyond the manipulation with best match. ", 
" ", " ", " ", "In summary, having just one ranking displayed to an owner/PM is not an accurate representation of how a listing will always be presented as it is dynamic. And I'm afraid that this feature will not be available again.", 
"Wow....I do think that the fact that the item is in your VR is a coincidence, but it shows that these scammers have their fingers in lots of things.", 
"Check your state for info on imposing convenience fee/surcharge on credit card users. It is illegal in some states: CA, CO, CT, FL, KS, ME, MA, NY, OK and TX. ", 
"fudged stats as they looked to be off the cliff", "Retrieving data ...", 
"I believe that this is done because the Truth Hurts!!", "I speak to a guy via phone about once a week. He has property in the same area as me. He gets about 90% of bookings through other sites than expedia family and he does very well.", 
" ", "So, let's continue . . . .", "Oh yeah, it's getting harder and harder to carry all that dough to the bank.", 
" ", "But the traditional vacation rental property is not in an urban setting. The traditional VRBO property is a condo or home in a well known resort area or vacation area destination.", 
"I dont agree.  Sharples has already made his millions.  All he needs to do now is have the new fee APPEAR to be working for a sufficient amount of time so that he is buffered from being sued by Expedia for exaggerated pro-forma projections.", 
"If you, as a Guest, choose to enter into a transaction with a Host for the booking of an Accommodation, you agree and understand that you will be required to enter into an agreement with the Host and you agree to accept any terms, conditions, rules and restrictions associated with such Accommodation imposed by the Host. You acknowledge and agree that you, and not Airbnb, will be responsible for performing the obligations of any such agreements, that Airbnb is not a party to such agreements, and that, with the exception of its payment obligations hereunder, Airbnb disclaims all liability arising from or related to any such agreements. You acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding the fact that Airbnb is not a party to the agreement between you and the Host, Airbnb Payments acts as the Host's payment collection agent for the limited purpose of accepting payments from you on behalf of the Host. Upon your payment of the Total Fees to Airbnb Payments, your payment obligation to the Host for the Accommodation Fees is extinguished, and Airbnb Payments is responsible for remitting the Accommodation Fees (less the Host Fees and any Taxes in respect of the Host Fees, such as VAT in Europe), in the manner described in these Terms.", 
"", " ", " ", " ", "Regards,", " ", "An American tourist was at the pier of a small coastal Mexican village when a small boat with just one fisherman docked.Inside the small boat were several large yellowfin tuna. The tourist complimented the Mexican on the quality of his fish and asked how long it took to catch them.The Mexican replied, \"Only a little while.\"The tourist then asked, \"Why didn't you stay out longer and catch more fish?\"The Mexican said, \"With this I have more than enough to support my family's needs.\"The tourist then asked, \"But what do you do with the rest of your time?\"The Mexican fisherman said, \"I sleep late, fish a little, play with my children, take siesta with my wife, Maria, stroll into the village each evening where I sip wine and play guitar with my amigos, I have a full and busy life.\"The tourist scoffed, \" I can help you. You should spend more time fishing; and with the proceeds, buy a bigger boat: With the proceeds from the bigger boat you could buy several boats. Eventually you would have a fleet of fishing boats. Instead of selling your catch to a middleman you would sell directly to the processor; eventually opening your own cannery. You would control the product, processing and distribution. You could leave this small coastal fishing village and move to Mexico City, then Los Angeles and eventually New York where you could run your ever-expanding enterprise.\"The Mexican fisherman asked, \"But, how long will this all take?\"The tourist replied, \"15 to 20 years.\"\"But what then?\" asked the Mexican.The tourist laughed and said, \"That's the best part. When the time is right you would sell your company stock to the public and become very rich, you would make millions.\"\"Millions?...Then what?\"The American said, \"Then you would retire. Move to a small coastal fishing village where you would sleep late, fish a little, play with your kids, take siesta with your wife, stroll to the village in the evenings where you could sip wine and play your guitar with your amigos.\"", 
"Matt", "That's why it's important to have a clear rental agreement that specifically addresses the terms of the agreement and defines terms.", 
"3) I think if Sharples and Hale had come to us privately as a community and had given us appropriate numbers (as percentages) to help us understand how much marketing is costing, we might have been more sympathetic. However, their smoke and mirror methods of deceptive manipulation have driven us away, making us naturally distrust anything they now say or propose. Their deceptive ways have been their own undoing. Tom Hale is horrible at communicating numbers. He throws around million dollar amounts like they are supposed to mean something to us. He says HomeAway receives ~$500 million a year in revenue from subscription memberships. He then says they spend 10% of that on Google Pay-Per-Click marketing, and then expects us to break out a violin and play some sob-song. I'm sorry, but if you're retaining 90% of your gross revenue for operating expenses, I think you're doing pretty good. If, however, the advertising is costing more, then the numbers need to match. So far, in multiple posts, they are not. So, I think Tom Hale is not the best person to ask about the numbers and percentages. However, to keep this market place viable and working service-fee-free, if they had come to us and simply said \"Pay-Per-Click prices on our key words have increased 15%, and we find we now need to charge you 15% more for your subscription to offset that added financial burden\" we might have understood. Instead, we get million dollar numbers thrown at us which make no sense at all. Give me a pie chart. Show me where all my subscription money is being spent. Give me a voice in the matter. Perhaps I'll tell you that you need to pull out of the European market - or saw it off and make it stand alone if it's that problematic - and let's make our USA listings site more profitable. I don't know what the solutions are because we're not being given all the parameters at play. I just know the \"Service Fee\" is killing our market. It makes us look like we are not trustworthy owners (indirectly slanderous) and makes HomeAway and VRBO look like they're listing properties for a bunch of scamming hoodlums. It's a marketing nightmare! But to be completely transparent, they are trying to compare themselves to AirBnB for some strange reason. AirBnB doesn't charge both a subscription and a service fee. They ONLY charge the service fee. When all is said and done, I'd rather be left with 3% of $500 million ($15 million) than 10% of $100 million ($10 million). But perhaps what must be done is to get Expedia to agree to those numbers. As horrible as Hale is at conveying numbers, perhaps that is where they got into trouble with Expedia.", 
"I think you have hit the proverbial \"nail on the head\". I don't know if \"recession proof\" is the correct term, but we are very well insulated. The property has  long history- 10 years prior to our ownership. The previous owner maintained a listing, but did not approach the \"business\" with the same enthusiasm. ", 
" As a Florida owner, I can confirm that TDT and sales tax has to be paid on monies received by you.", 
"I do think the final nail in the coffin will be the Expedia placement auction model. If they start that with us, I'm pulling completely off the site. I've got my own website and I'll just market from there with support from VHR, HomeEscape, and a couple of others. I can put a phone number on the front of my VR rental. I can use PayPal for invoicing, and Google Calendar to keep up with reservations.", 
"I restrict cars to avoid upset neighbors and looking like a party house to my HOA. I have 5 bedrooms and only allow families up to 10 max. I try to only allow a combination of adults and children (as opposed to 10 adults).", 
"Do you have a lot of repeat guests?  I found that I had more at my lower rates and they were also the renters that caused me the most trouble (I inherited them from the previous property manager when I took over managing it myself).  Once I raised my rates they eventually stopped coming back and I was happier with the better-behaving replacements.", 
"Agreed, have been using this for quite some time and have had no problems. ", 
" ", " ", "I do too, does not help in 60% of the cases. besides, now I am taking reservation form other site, there are no templates there. ", 
"Glad to see you are back on the forum today - I was a bit worried as it must be a stressful time at HA these days.", 
"If I am reasonably visible, my calendar is open and HomeAway is providing inquiries, then I would surely expected to have received inquiries by now.", 
"HomeAway: \"Travelers want everything WE want, but when they want something we don't want, or don't want something we want...well, we don't care!\"", 
" ", "No---mine does NOT reflect the Service Fee.....yet---it looks more like is it simply a massive inexcusable internal mistake!", 
"Certainly the March info is incorrect (according to HA's 24-48 hour updates), so it would leave one to think that maybe all the charts are incorrect also.", 
" ", "So I feel tricked, duped, deceived.", "$1,099.99", "The ONLY way HA could make their HomeAway Service Fee \"mandatory\" for everyone would be to restrict communication/contact info between owners and guests until the first payment has been made. (It's probably safe to speculate that PMs would be exempt.)", 
" ", "I found this quote of Expedia's CFO (Mark Okerstrom) interesting... maybe they will make a U-turn if instant booking doesn't work. ", 
"I Agree we should be refunded our money, at least from feb 18 forward bur really going back to November when is when o believe the algorithm was changed, my charts, others I have seen, would indicate such. ", 
"I have googled many different terms and have yet to have H.E.come up in a search.  ", 
"We have all had good success listing our properties on VRBO-HA. If we no longer receive inquiries or bookings, we probably will not continue listing at the site. Or at least the site will not be a significant part of our businesses. ", 
" ", "HA knows that the burden of neighbor calls and police calls will not hurt HA in the short term; rather the burden will fall back to the homeowner.  And HA has thousands of other VRs to display as inventory should yours or mine be shut down by the city.", 
" ", "Someone can correct me  _  I'm unsure since I've gotten a whopping THREE inquiries since last august and NO bookings since HomeAway implement the \"To bring you more bookings!\" changes - but I think that, if a traveler pays via HA Payments - which HA is forcing, the owner doesn't get paid until a day after the traveler arrives at the house, a la ABB.", 
"Sorry, but two years ago I tried AirBnB over two years ago and did not like it.  And rarely got any inquiries. ", 
" ", "Looking at your calendar you set this up as a reservation and did not just block dates.  Click on \"Cancel Reservation\" in the lower left corner.  After you have canceled, you can go back in and just block the dates.  You don't have to enter any other information.", 
"A phished owners account is the worst, because the fraudster can lurk in an email account, siphoning off legitimate traveler emails, and migrate the conversation to another email account, then request payment for a stay that will never happen. The good news is that the travel with confidence guarantee protects against this, making our marketplace safer and more trustworthy by protecting travelers.", 
" ", "Be grateful you are not in Canada.. It's $2400 CAD for me to renew my listing now as VRBO bill in USD and the Canadian Dollar has tanked 30% in the last year ..", 
" ", "Silver        400 Views/mo       25 Inquiries/mo", 
" ", "Tom shut  down his post on the HA advertising campaign and how doing a search results will show VRBO ending up being listed first.  Wanted to comment and missed the opportunity. ", 
"I've had 9 inquiries thus far (NO BIN's):", "How does HA allow this???????????????????????????", 
"Precisely.  This statement should stand alone, IMO, and is what I believe is fundamentally, inherently wrong with how these people think in Home Away, Inc.. ", 
"Yes, purely and advertising platform and we will do the rest.Yes yes please.", 
"The product is NOT HA. The product is our homes, both individually and collectively. That's why the HA websites have any traffic to begin with. People come on there to find our homes to rent. Period. ", 
"You can process payments yourself. That way no one will ever again dictate to you how. I only need Ad portal,  calendar, and QR. Everything else I can handle, ", 
"Wow, just, \"wow\".  Let's not have short memories, my fellow owners.  This company is abusing us.  Don't forget.", 
" ", "These changes are NOT in the best interest of the owners.  It makes it easier for the guests to extort an owner for non-monetary compensation and allows a dishonest review to stand until a court judgement is reached, not just on the filing of a suit.", 
"I believe that they are doing a whole lot more than \"shoot themselves in the foot over and over again\".", 
"Steve", "u0999 wrote:", "Worker - Dairy Queen (F)", "Bloodsucker defined:  one who is supported by or seeks support from another without making an adequate return ", 
"Publication 527 (2015), Residential Rental Property", "I think a vast majority of owners prefer the subscription model. Are you caught in the unfortunate web of the pay model? If so that may explain your post.", 
" ", "You're trying to boost your ranking by raising the price of your rental???? How does that work?  Yet another nasty ploy by HA?  Wealthier owners, who in theory need the rent less than those with single homes that can't command a high rent so are put first while the poor schlep just trying to make a modest living gets shoved to the bottom?  ", 
"Now that I've had a chance to read the article (link fixed), IMO, it reads like an advertorial.", 
"It will be a private FB group that I will add folks as they request.  Once we're \"friends\" here, I'll pm my name and then they can FB friend request and I can add them in.", 
" ", "smoky1 wrote:", " ", " ", "Steve - agreed - \"what's privacy\"?", 
" ", "Thats funny. I hope you told them, NO THANKS My art work is CASH.", 
" ", "Yikes dont do that!  They would probably renew your listing at the current 1299 level, and apply the 399 to the balance due of 1299.   Ouch.", 
"You need to correct this and do it NOW!", "Do not feed the monster!", 
"Shenandoah Grand Lodge - YouTube", "Maybe we are all there.", 
" And yet HomeAway continues to encourage us to purchase \"up\"... yet they have no idea how high or where you you will go.", 
" ", "I just saw on another thread where Susan suggested a flat fee for the SERVICE FEE, throwing a random number $25 for each booking. I thought that was a great idea.   It is not so hard to swallow that as opposed to over $100's that some have factored out to be. They will still make money with all of the listings that they have. ", 
"No, the runup had something to do with the hacking attempt.  ", 
"Anyone knows? one of my listings expires in July. The other in Nov. If I do not renew the listing that expires in July, how are the balance payments for existing reservations handled? Does HA/VRBO cancel balance payment, and I have to re-bill the traveler via PayPal? Or, they allow the payment collection/distribution, but no new payments?", 
"WWhat?????? He is deleting things????????????????", "As the number of people who have suffered a decline in bookings since the fee implementation attests, no one really can afford to put all of their advertising budget into one effort.", 
"edited to add:  of course, this is a record of threads I participate in - other members may have other information.", 
" ", " ", "Sorry Homeaway if your costs have risen to a point where you have to charge large transaction fees,   you have seriously broken your model.   Your best customers simply will not put up with it.   As many here have stated,  it just makes no sense for me to have significant capital invested,  to do all the work and take all the risk and have you make more than me from my venture.    ", 
"I think if VRBO-Homeaway-Expedia wants to be in the book-it-now or transaction model business, they should build a site which targets those type properties.", 
" ", "One of the reasons I am posting these, is that a couple of months ago I had someone try to book thru AirBnB, but he was not interested in following thru with reviewing and signing a rental agreement despite the fact that AirBnB states that a renter may be asked to do so.  Thus, I declined the reservation. ", 
"True story. ", "- people are used to paying fees for services --- but only when they are receiving something in return (reasoning that they are paying these fees in return for a company to advertise and to upgrade their website technology doesn't resonate with the consumer.... Those are generally seen as the \"cost of doing business\" and fees that should be shouldered by the business; the will want to have something more than that from HA; that reasoning should have been communicated to the homeowners, not the renters (fire the PR and communications people for ever telling the vacation renter that's the reason they now have to pay the fees!!!)", 
"ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT was their move to announce their presence beyond guest room rentals by having Beyoncé rent her Super Bowl digs via Airbnb. One of the smartest \"launch\" ideas I have seen in decades!", 
"3. \"The bet appears to be that, unlike with Expedia’s 2000 try with VacationSpot, this time disgruntled vacation rental owners will have nowhere else to take their business that can provide the same amount of steady inventory and that, once the final math is done, they will be better off under the new situation.\"", 
"", "How do you catch a polar bear?", "VR Housekeeping perils.......", 
"HA is going to keep pushing until everyone is on the fee or has left the site.  Until that time those of us who are on BIN will suffer greatly.", 
"I don't need nor want homeaway's protection, I expect it will actually do very little to protect me.  I will probably not agree with homeaway's definition of protection . . not a good starting point, eh?", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "I do not have many repeat guests, nature of the market I guess. I had one family staying twice last year at one property, and I know the other family stayed 2 years in a row at the same time at the other property. That is about it...", 
" ", "Maybe an incorrect account number was entered incorrectly, or even if it would have been fraud, HA had no good acct # to withdraw funds from.", 
"Seems as if it's up to the Owner(s) to warn guests to carefully include their information and double check it.  Shouldn't have to  happen.", 
"I mail, email, fax, text, etc... the rental agreement.  Since I don't do last minute rentals there is typically time for snail mail.  However, if there is a need to rush, I have them sign and text a pic of the RA.  As long as I have a copy, I'm good. ", 
" ", " ", " ", "Then click on \"Payment Options\"", " ", 
" ", "My husband and I have been vacation rental owners for over 25 years. We have worked every Memorial Day and every Labor Day weekend for years, opening and closing our summer home. We work every Saturday between guests to ensure each traveler arrives to a clean, comfortable home as promised. Yes, we employ a cleaning service, but we feel it’s important to be sure nothing is overlooked, so we inspect the premise before each guest arrives. We often touch up, small things the cleaning service misses.", 
"I understand.  And I sympathize.  But, I can't shoulder the burden of homeaway misleading other owners about their intent when they offered services of convenience which I found to be of dubious value. ", 
"8.68%", " ", "FWIW -- HA employees are identified under their names next to a post with \"Homeaway\" ", 
" ", " ", " ", "Yes, I was referring to homeowners as the customers because we were the ones paying HA. As you said, we are no longer the customer, the travelers are. Only now it is truly defined that way because the travelers are now paying HA.", 
" ", "ambidextrous wrote:", "On the other hand, HA may get itself in trouble in Europe if they start playing a \"tax avoidance game\" which many big companies have done but now find themselves in hot water... e,g, google, amazon, starbucks etc.", 
"That is incorrect. You get paid 2-4 days later after the traveler made the payment.  This is on subscription. At least it is what it is now. Don't know how PPB works. ", 
" ", "I put on my calendar to cancel my Spirit Airlines $9 Fares annual membership. I canceled 21 days before it expired. Less than a week later I had to buy a ticket on them for a funeral. I lost out on all my discounts.", 
" ", " ", "Read Section 30., paragraph 1. Those are the 'rules' about which you inquire.", 
"I don't believe I'm receiving these statements or any newsletters.  I've been busy enough not to inspect the emails I get breaking down the payments and fees, I'm just been adding in my checkbook when the payments show up at Wells Fargo.  I feel this has been done in a very sneaky way and it just adds insult to a lot of recent injuries.  I get a lot of Canadian travelers to my Maui condo and 4.5% of the gross eats up an unconscionable amount of an already thin profit margin for a LOT of very hard work.", 
"No fees", "Gold          300 Views/mo       25 Inquiries/mo", 
"A bathroom or two is maybe 2-3 days of work.  That's if you're slow and have a lot of tiling that needs to set and dry.", 
" ", " ", "Because I believe they make a heck of a lot more money brokers than they do with each of us.", 
"agreed.", "ALL I want or need from vrbo or home away or whatever they want to call themselves is web hosting and payment processing. ", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", "Retrieving data ...", "Regards,", 
" ", " ", "Yep, but those links to owners own website will likely disappear soon. So with this new wording in the content guidelines, they are telling you that you cannot put the url in the description or anything that resembles the url.   This is where having a brand name will come in handy.  ", 
" ", "Social Service Clinician (F)", "No, it's ok.  I got your sarcasm.  Just wanted to be sure I understood.  ", 
"IT doesn't count against personal use.... It is outside of the number of years you can use it for personal use. ", 
"Now that I've had a chance to read the article (link fixed), IMO, it reads like an advertorial.", 
"Technically, that is not 100% accurate.", " ", " ", " ", 
" ", " ", "While VRBO is figuring this out, are they working on a way to allow owners to mark an inquiry as duplicate?", 
"it's far cheaper to retain your existing customer than it is to acquire a new one. And when you rely on one customer base to provide the inventory that 100% of your revenue is derived from, it's key to keep that custimer base happy, in the loop and to have their trust,", 
"Absolutely. They have bots search for \"you can avoid the fee by . . . \" ", 
" My condo has been one of the top rental units at the complex, is very seldom discounted (zero discounts in the trailing twelve months), and has delivered 92% occupancy the last two years.  More than a third of my occupancy now is from returning guests.  While I can't say there has never been damage, it has been incidental, and I've never charged the guests involved.  I think the only thing taken from the condo was a laundry basket (maybe $5).  In that department I'm far ahead - I've had guests leave beach chairs, games, beach toys, etc.", 
"I Told him that while I was flattered, my town hall does not accept art work as payment for my property taxes, nor does the IRS", 
"But yes, a lot of QUALITY properties will leave. Owners will simply not risk renting their asset on short notice to anyone with credit card - unvetted.", 
" ", "Also there is the statement they add if you do not have H/A payments \"this property does not have secure payments\"", 
"Sounds ok.  But who is going to make up the loss of income when I switch to another company?  This is a judgement that each person who using HA or", 
" ", "susaninrehoboth wrote:", " ", "If I were you, I would post a warning on CL.   I did that when a scammer had \"lifted pics\" and verbage from my VR and created a CL for my VR and he collected the money for \"fake reservations\".    The only thing different was that, of course, he allowed pets and smoking....because why turn any possible victim away!!!!", 
"   Some of us have very low seasons, and only 1-2 night minimums, so adding a flat rate of $25 wouldn't be wise.  Someone booking a tiny Studio or just a room within a home for one night for (say) $49, should not have to pay an add'l $25.  $2-5 would be more fair.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Just lower your standards, as Tom Hale said we, and travelers, should do so that HomeAway doesn't have to bend or flex...on the service fee or anything and gets everything it deserves!", 
"Pretty sure it was right after people used the words \"action\", \"class\", and \"suit\" together in a sentence.  A 9% bump in revenue buy a lot o' lawyer. Pretty sure someone told Tom to button it.", 
" ", "We used the profits over the years to improve the property, often adding our own $$$ as bathroom upgrades, New siding and Windows aren't cheap.", 
" ", "The traditional vacation rental property, and the travelers who stay in those properties,prefer the traditional VRBO subscription model, including some communication between property owner and traveler. The proof of this is how successful VRBO has been (with traditional vacation rental properties) and how poorly both AirBnB and FlipKey's transaction model has done (with traditional vacation rental properties).", 
"How long is that window of time?  Who knows, maybe 3 months, maybe 2 years.  IMO it will be very challenging for Sharples to hide the downfall for two years.", 
" ", "If you were paying attention to the line you just copied you would see I was not talking about posts on this forum interfering with my rentals. ", 
" ", "Mr. Secrets wrote:", "That bet may just prove to be wrong. Just like travelers, according to HA, expect push button instant booking, these same travelers are now also more sophisticated and know how to run a Google search and find the property they like elsewhere( likely sans the fee), and not be tied to HA site for booking. HA wants become Tripadvisor - people go there to read reviews but book direct elsewhere", 
"tom ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "4) I think this service fee was a knee-**** reaction to something bigger which came down upon them. It is obvious they are defining the parameters and what the Service Fee is actually FOR on the fly. They have changed those parameters several times until they think they've found something that will stick......\"Book With Confidence Guarantee\". Yeah right. Like they are gonna run out with a key and unlock my rental 16 hours away from Austin. But, it's a temporary band-aid on a problem that is bigger.", 
"We help our guests fulfill a \"lifestyle\" - we don't sell anything. We share \"old FL\". The Florida before the mouse took control- no offense to any of my Orlando friends. Plus like I mentioned in another post. We have a waiting list for travelers wanting to visit during prime season. Now those guests have moved to a less busy time of year - just to have the experience with hopes they will get priority on the wait  list. ", 
"As the service fee is not received by you, it does not have to be declared as taxable income.", 
"Greed will indeed kill this website. Sad, because it was a good thing they had going.", 
"This begs the question, how many CARS do you allow....for 4 people, 8 people, 10 people? ", 
"Have you considered building the cleaning cost into your rental fee?  OR are you trying to keep them separate to make the nightly rate seem lower (or some other practical reason)?", 
"Thanks for the heads up!", " ", " ", " ", "I am afraid that no matter how often HA personnel tell us that all is OK, many owners are very bright, competent folks.  They didnt get to own million dollar plus second homes by happenstance.", 
"Thanks for the research and insight into my particular market. ", 
"This company has lost it.", "vrrentcamera wrote:", "Got to wondering if the entire network of programming is patched and riddled with similar mistakes? I once worked with a school grade records and scheduling program that had been modified and patched and stretched beyond its intended limits. Such inaccurate data was routinely spit out by the program....and so many layers had been added, it was impossible to mine down to where programming could really be corrected,  ", 
"I can certainly understand why you are leaving the HA world.  It appears that many active owners will be following you, some by choice and others forced out by HA.", 
"", " ", "$1,100.00", "Right now, there are lots of owners on HA or Alt Payments who are taking their bookings outside of the system to avoid the fee that appears on the quote the guest has already seen. Probably makes them look like the good guys to their guests. PMs are instructing guests to book directly through their websites.", 
"I'm so tired. I can't keep up. After a while I become numb from the beatings.", 
"\"Over the long term maybe this whole industry goes to instantly bookable,” Okerstrom said. “If that does happen and that’s what owners and travelers want, we’ll be right there to provide that. If it doesn’t, we’re going to be agnostic.”", 
"I Wonder if there is a governing agency that could be requested to Audit the HA websites for accuracy and transparency?", 
"Anyone have any insights into their marketing? what markets they promote and when?  Pay per click?", 
"Actually, if you read the Terms & Conditions, we are \"members\".  Wow, doesn't that sound like we have some say?", 
" ", " ", "I hope they do!", "Are you listed on any other sites? I would think if you were not getting inquiries via HA since last Aug, you would try to hedge the bets and list on other sites too? ", 
"However, that does not mean that I will not change my mind about HA/VRBO at this time.", 
" ", "Maybe another famous A/B test Margaret?  I went in to my calendar and was able to block dates as usual.  Strange.", 
"Learn more about the book with confidence guarantee:", " ", 
"Would someone check their invoices as of February 16, 2016.  Our guests are now being charged between 4% to 10% on our reservations as a \"service fee.\" If my calculations are correct, we are being charged the credit card fee for this new \"service fee.\"  I just rented my condo this evening and the guest was charged 9 plus percent for this \"service fee.\"", 
"No response timers", " ", "We recently remodeled a bathroom and it required 10 days to complete.  It was not 10 days of constant construction, but intermittent days of activity and \"rest\", given the typical delays in delivery of materials and, as you note, days to allow tile, paint, etc to completely set.", 
"*I rarely click on the Ads icon postings that show up before the search data because they are often misleading and o not have what I am looking for.", 
"2 possible bookings (I'm holding a cancelled week in August, and a far-out week in October).  It's iffy that both of these will play out.  Both asked why there was a difference between the quoted rate and the rate on the rental agreement, so I had to explain the service fee.  I referred them to HA's website.  Both asked if they could pay the rate on my rental agreement (minus the fee), rather than the \"quoted rate.\"  So, I stand to get \"dinged\" for the only 2 possible bookings that I MAY get out of this.  ", 
"Well, that may be changing. If brokers pay fixed annual subscription, and I BET it is less than what you or I pay per listing, AND brokers now don't pay the fees, they will make LESS per broker listing than potentially per-owner listing with fee.  ", 
" ", " ", "The timing of all of this \"guerrilla\" implementation was strategic. It was after all ski season and spring break travel had been booked and paid for. It was also at the beginning of Q1, the first quarter Homeaway began to report in to Expedia. ", 
"I must, sadly, report the response to my email to HA's Legal Counsel requesting that our agreement be reverted to the previous T&C.  I am quite puzzled that the response is from Customer Support, not from Legal Counsel:", 
"Frustrated by airline fees tacked on to your ticket with little rhyme nor reason?  ", 
" ", "Here's a link to the new Content Guidelines (note the URL still says reviews!):", 
"I am wondering, just wondering, it there are not some internal struggles at VRBO/HA.  It is not unusual for companies that do a take over of another company to have a multitude of problems.  There are many decisions to be made and the question is, who makes the decisions and who approves any decisions that are made.  And we (the community) have not made it easy for them.  And I don't think that is soooo bad.", 
"Branding 10X !!! ", "cannot the court issue cease and desist while they wait for the hearing?", 
"ICU Nurse (F)", " ", "I'm not a CPA or tax expert, but I've always believed that a donation of a week to a charitable auction would count as personal time.  I believe that the tax publication cited above by Planthealth is clear on that point. ", 
" ", " ", "Another category by which to rank?  Rate of rent v. tiered subscription price v. Best Match v. with BIN or without...?  How is this even possible?", 
"And since it was written by a PM company, and those companies do not seem to be obliged to play by the new rules, it's not a very compelling argument.", 
" ", " ", "Thank You for the link. This is what we need, This is what every person that is looking to rent a vacation property needs to read.  I have the link saved and will be investigating listing with them.", 
" ", "I rent year round. So far from what I can tell since the fee I had 3 bookings on my one property (less expensive one) end of Feb and nothing since. 0 from VRBO on other property. No inquiries since beginning of march - has one or 2 \"fishing expeditions\". ", 
"Yes they absolutely can and will remove email addresses.  I was having a heck of a time trying to get a guest to download my rental agreement.  I was giving her my email address in the platform email application and it was removed.  Finally we realized this after several frustrating back and forth emails.", 
" ", "good one. LOL.", " ", " ", " ", "VRBO has to make individually.  I would never, ever listen to someone who is angry has an ax to grind.", 
" ", " ", "It's like a car dealer encouraging you to buy the the 2.0L over the 1.8L engine \"guaranteeing\" better performance... but they don't know what that performance is!", 
" ", "I have few problems with the following:", "But, the count is off, as it has been every month.  HA's counts are way lower than what are shown on my performance page.  ", 
"I have had a listing with commission FK. when they revoked my listing (for allegedly trying to go around their \"filters\"), I had outstanding bookings. FK, still transferred money to me when guest checked in even though by then my listing was no longer active.", 
" ", "I'm just using VRBO for all it's worth at the moment - a bit of visibility and some marketing for my website.", 
"Mr. Hale appeared to be exacerbating the displeasure being expressed in the forum.  ", 
"Edited:  I overlooked my salute to Mr. Hale, \"hope that helps\" - all I can say is that I would never sign off with such a phrase when knowingly putting forward information that might worsen a situation.  I would have been dismissed at my professional work, immediately, for expressing myself in such a flippant manner . . . . .  ", 
"Hahahahahahahaha!!", "Yes,  I really do hope that this helps.   ", 
"bump", " ", "I think a rental agreement is essential, and I would not consider booking to anyone without one.  I would not use a site that indicates that you cannot use a rental agreement during the booking process.  ", 
"acbrown1969 This is an open forum.", "- nobody balks at paying a fee on Airbn; and now that it's on HA, uniformly, they won't balk at paying it there either; as it has been pointed out, consumers see it as the \"cost of doing business\" but they must receive a benefit in return  (they pay fees to check bags, have seat assignments on airplanes, shop at Costco, etc) they gripe about it, but in the end, they pay the fees to check the bag, sit next to their wife on the airplane, have access to shop at a discount store, etc.", 
" ", " ", "top of queue", "Cut a hole in the ice and surround it with peas. When the polar bear goes to take a pea, kick him in the ice hole.", 
"", "The lack of February bookings for VRBO ##### is due to the lack of calendar availability in peak season for the Denver Mountain area.", 
"My rental agreement is very detailed and has served me and my guests very well for twenty-five years.  It has evolved as renting my vacation home has evolved.  It's my document and fulfills my needs.  It appears to have served my guests very well - I have never had a guest raise an issue concerning lease terms OR their stay at my home.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", "I'll be OK. My concern is for the few who won't be. It's sad indeed.", 
" ", "The rental rate has nothing to do with it, the cleaning fee is fixed no matter how long the stay is. For example our cleaning company charges $90.00 each time. On a 2-3 night stay I could not absorb that versus a 7 to 30 night stay.", 
"eCheck NIGHTMARE & HEADS UP IN PHOENIX AREA", "Until RM fixes their software to validate account # (if that is even possible), then this could recur.", 
"The outcome is a sour experience for both parties.  An easy fix would be to change the protocol for entering the account details. ", 
"This eliminates the need for 3rd party services.", " ", " ", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", " ", "You still can, IF you saved the old URL for that stats page. I have them saved, so I can still do that. ", 
"We have sacrificed and invested most of our profits to improve and update our home. You seem to believe that every homeowner (your inventory as you like to refer to us) only wants bodies in beds. For some, that may be true. But that is not true for many, many owners.", 
"The important point now is that homeaway is acting in its own interest however much they profess to be concerned about travelers and owners.", 
"$1,199.99", " ", "You should respond back that your updates to your listing to not represent a substantive change and therefore are not subject to their new T&C's.", 
" ", "1. Yes", "gymbeau, that is my issue as currently it is pretty much invisible but several of our local properties are promoting it to that is generating interest but still it just is not there. But shoot it is free, hopefully they will do something to let folks know that it is there.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "Several owners have consulted tax pros and attorneys.  Some are waiting for a response from state DOR's, others have been told that it depends on the mood of the DOR auditor which way they will go.", 
"This may be a simpleton's view of the tax liability on the service fee, but here's how I see it. Revenue (on my lodging tax return and my federal and state income tax return) is the money I receive. Period. In this case, it is not the money paid by the guest. The credit card fee that is deducted, which I never receive, is also not revenue.", 
"carol wrote:", "Yes, I am on other sites and in the past week have gotten four weeks booked and had to turn away three since their requested weeks coincided with already booked weeks (which is one reason I don't like BIN!) or requested odd days or below the minimum nightly requirement.", 
"I would just say to keep your options open.   I have had an AirBnB listing for over a year.  In the the first 11 months, I had one booking.  In the last two months, I have had 3.  I don't like the model either, but faced with no bookings from HA/VRBO, or 3 from AirBnB, I'll take the bookings.  All AirBnB bookings were within a few weeks of the stay, so the delayed payment wasn't a big deal.  ", 
"What was interesting about shutting off my auto renew on vacationhomerentals is that I was able to do it at first. Then a week or two later, a week or two before expiration, that is when they sent me the new terms. IF I had logged in while I was still under the subscription time, it would have reverted to autorenew.", 
"That is exactly what I did..... i bypassed reservation and went directky to calendar, then it hit the \"+\" and selected the dates and at the bottom I chose \"blocked\" instead of reserved and whatever the third option is. And it shows up in my analytics as a booking with no associated payment, which will hurt me in the algorithm. ", 
"Travel with Confidence | HomeAway", "If you want an eye-opener of what over-reaching manipulative controls might be coming at us next, read Section 32., paragraph 4b. (second sentence)", 
" ", "Half price platinum subscriptions", "All of this is moot at this point, as (since the implementation of the Service Fee) , my listing is continuing to get Views, but no inquiries.  I am very concerned that travelers have left HomeAway and are booking on other platforms that don't charge the fee.", 
" ", "*I can't stand the pop up ads and many others do not either which is why we have the option to block.", 
" ", "Homeaway has a secondary business where they sell PM software to PM's. ", 
"at the end of the day, it's MY home. It's paid for, my taxes in Costa Rica on the property are liteally peanuts. I can survive just fine without HA. I refuse to lower my rates so that they can have a cut of my rent. I might feel a different way if there was something more that they could provide me with or that I needed from them. ", 
"Pretty easy  me to find this elsewhere. ", " ", " ", " ", 
"tom", "HomeAway Vacation Rentals:", " ", "WWhy would anyone think owner websites would be affected? ", 
" ", "High school teacher (M and F)", "The misleading information put forward by the listing sites, now management sites, in order to alarm travelers into payment procedures, and purchase of products, with income producing fees will only grow in the months ahead.", 
"I believe that, if necessary, it is good business practice to lower rates enough to keep the calendar relatively full.", 
"And since it was written by a PM company, and those companies do not seem to be obliged to play by the new rules, it's not a very compelling argument.", 
"After many owners complained about inquiries falling off a cliff, HA did indeed make some data alterations to show me that my year over year analytics have drastically improved between yesterday and today.", 
" ", " ", "EDIT....If there are no PM's here...then I'll change the FB setting for the group.  Give me a few minutes to change that.", 
" ", " ", "While VRBO is figuring this out, are they working on a way to allow owners to mark an inquiry as not meeting rental advertisement specifications like minimum age, pets, occupancy numbers?", 
" ", "They even removed a link to my personal website that I included so the guest could view details of my home and policies that don't fit in my listing.  Brilliant marketing there.", 
" While my experience has been very positive, I certainly wouldn't rate all my guests with \"five stars,\" and I'm always nervous when I sign up a new guest.", 
"He contacted me too.  I suggested that he sell his art and use the proceeds to pay for his stay.   ", 
"But that's Expedia's goal - have PM managed inventory and run hotel-booking operation. ", 
" ", "This is all wrong. ", " ", "Wow what a gorgeous home you have!!", 
"Hey, VR, you forgot to mention many of your suggestions are based on suggestions other community members gave you about your first video. No problem, you listened to what was being suggested, made many changes and now have a great video.", 
"With those of you who know the scheme of the \"up\".", "So, I created an \"ad\" in that section which only talked about the scam, put big warning words, etc.", 
" ", " ", " ", "!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "Home Away / VRBO executives obviously don't understand our business - they think they do, but they don't.  What's worse is I don't think the executives understand their business model either. ", 
" ", "I remember those Coca Cola commercials....", " ", "All Y'all need to start raising your prices. I see so many owners here constantly talking about skirting the system, not needing homeaway, doing just fine on your own sites, willing to only accept cheques etc and always wondered how this was possible in a competitive market.. ", 
"I read in an article that Expedia's CEO Dara Khosrowshahi has remorse of the Tripadvisor spinoff. Surely he can't be wrong again! (sarcasm)", 
"From the anecdotal evidence presented on this forum and other forums, even 3 months many be challenging to hide the disasterous results.", 
"Agreed and thank you for the T&C excerpts.", "secrets11 Aren't you in Canada where the fee hasn't started yet? Going to the news and public is to steer people to the real owners instead of a service that charges people extra. HA is hurting our business as lovesthebeach said.", 
" ", "\"I have written my own posts about guests specifically saying they did not book because the fee was too much on top of cleaning. I'm saying that the tactics are out of control and potentially more damaging than the fee itself.\"", 
"4.  \"A lot of the anger has been caused by misinformation that’s been spread, the spokesperson said\".", 
"Top of queue", "Your truck story reminded me of this picture, which is actually so painfully appropriate for HA's new moves:", 
"I was having trouble with my computer the other day so I called my computer guy over to look at it. ", 
"  ", " ", "5) I think Brian Sharples and Tom Hale seriously under-estimate customer loyalty to the brand they have built.....from the owners. Forget the travelers for a moment. I think the owner community is a strong one, with largely honest honorable people of principle as owner-participants, and as people of principle, we only appreciate the truth. We know that there is one thing that remains true about the truth......the next time you hear it, it will sound exactly the same. So, if it takes a little more funding to properly market my vacation rental, I want to be told why, and I want to be able to understand it......in ENGLISH. I don't want to talk to some foreign person who speaks jibberish to try to explain this to me. Tell me in English why it costs more to market today than it did 3 years ago when I first signed on. Tell me - in English - what the long-term solutions are to the problem of increased marketing expense. Surely they have thought of other solutions. As an innovative intelligent community of owners, surely we can collectively put our heads together and find a solution. But, we must first be apprised of the problem before a solution can be found. I find a lack of sincere honesty to be the downfall of HomeAway and VRBO executives. And, to be quite sympathetic, perhaps they are under directives from Expedia not to reveal anything. Perhaps their jobs are on the line if they speak out. I don't know. I just know I have yet to be told the TRUTH.", 
"AS for the moral ambiguity of the \"service\" fee and what is or isn't a traveler benefit. The fee is between the traveler and HA- if the traveler is not satisfied that's on HA's shoulders. ", 
"Nothing personal, but your personal confirmation would mean nothing if an owner was confronted by the DOR.", 
"Again, my apologies for trying to give credit where credit certainly was not due.", 
"Right now, Im dealing with a family of 5 adults, 5 kids. 3 cars should be enough in my mind. They are renting cars. Wouldnt they rent Mini Van and maybe a Tahoe. They are reuesting 4 cars parked daily for 2 weeks and 7 cars parked during their dinner party of 12 additional guests. Of course, Im super bothered by the so called dinner party but since its mostly kids, I reluctantly agreed during emails because my business is DEAD since the HA service fee. I have zero inquiries. This person is from Flip Key.", 
"$115 cleaning fee spread over 3 nights (my minimum) will bump my cheapest rate from $145 a night to $183. With thousands of competition in my market most of whom do not include the cleaning fee in the rate, chances are my property will NEVER be seen by travelers because no one would get past my price point to even  read that cleaning is included when compared to my competition (filtering by price etc). ", 
"I was contacted by a Traveler during the time when the vrbo website was having problems and my travelers were unable to get their credit cards processed thru the site.  vrbo clerk said \"why don't you just have him pay by eCheck?\"  I said \"what is that?\"  he said \"it's the same as cash\".    ", 
"Yes, AGREED! I think that there should be a double entry just as with most websites. I am still not understanding how it got accepted in the first place by RM? Usually, if the account doesn't match the name/account/routing number....(all three) there is an error to the person inputing the information to try again???", 
" ", "My website requires the user to electronically sign the agreement during the booking process. The guest is presented with the agreement to electronically sign as the last step prior to completing the online booking.", 
"I truly wish that Walmart could put a $200 entrance fee in front of each store, and folks would pay it to buy their groceries.  I wish it would work for Walmart, and I wish it would work for HA.  (I would buy Walmart stock if making money was THAT easy).", 
"Scott", "I have been using VRBO and homeaway payments for about 2 years now without an issue.  This week I received chargebacks from 2 different guests! They are both claiming not authorized transactions.  The 1st the credit card matched the name.  The second was a case of someone being in my rental for 2 days then deciding they wanted to stay another 2 days and paid for the additional two with a credit card using a different card and cardholder name from the 1st.  This did not raise any flags with me because I never had experience with a charge back before.", 
" ", "To date, there has been no reason for us to compare accuracy on such a grand scale......now Pandora's Box is open and all the sloppy programming is hanging out there in full view.  Looks as though there are across the board failures.   Sorry my technical vocabulary is limited to OFF and ON, so I can't accurately describe what I see in my mind's eye.......I am sure someone can present a more detailed description of faulty processing.", 
"Can you share??", "This is the same home where we brought our children for our family summer vacations and this is now the home where we bring our grandchildren.  We keep measurements of the heights of our grandchildren each year on a garage wall. Our homes are not cardboard boxed inventory stored on warehouse shelves.  Our homes are not bland, cookie cutter hotel rooms and each one is unique.", 
" ", "8.33%", "Those of us who've never enabled any form on HA's online booking have no HomeAway Service Fee on our quotes  … but we also have little-to-no visibility on the site. We're being buried. So we feel like we're at a disadvantage too. But for thousands of different reasons, all those listings (40%) decided they didn't want to run their payments through HA and were willing (albeit unhappily) to take their lumps in the search results.", 
"I stupidly allowed myself to become totally dependent on Homeaway  for advertising and managing the 3 condos I own and manage in Panama City Florida.  I happily paid for gold level on all three properties, responded within an hour to all inquiries and booking requests and was very happy with the BIN button.  This fee came out of no where, made me suddenly 10% more expensive than some of my competition and caused previous and new guests to view me as some kind of charlatan trying to extort money from them. I am stuck with Homeaway until my subscription expires and the bookings I have got with them are complete. This is what I am doing;", 
"This flexible strategy would appear to be more advantageous for Expedia in adding vacation rentals by owner than Booking.com’s insistence on sticking with instantly confirmable bookings.", 
"2. No", "Sorry....ooops, typo.", "Okay, so for the second time in a row I did an experiment and lowered my rates for near-term rentals by 7% (same as the service fee) and I got a book in now request the same day.  Last time I did this I increased the price back to our normal rates and suddenly received no inquiries and no BIN's.", 
" ", " ", " ", "One is a returnee; two are from the boutique site which services my area (and is a GREAT, GREAT site!), two came from VHR, where I am on the 60-day free trial, and I've gotten a few from ABB.  ", 
"When I started with ABB just over a year ago, I was only the 3rd listing in my town.   As of today, ABB has listings for 47 of the  ~60 traditional whole house/apartment rentals.   ", 
"At least with Comcast (I don't watch TV, I need internet for work) I can call once or twice a year and have the fee lowered.  (And, I have HBO included entirely free)", 
"You may want to delete your post because the reservation on your calendar shows your name.", 
" ", "They are leading up to demanding listing exclusivity. They are money-hungry and demand that we channel ALL BOOKINGS through their online payment system in order feed their cravings.", 
"VRBO.com, homeaway.com, and Expedia are charging us for our listings and then our guests for a \"service fee.\"  They are making a bundle right out the gate with this outrageous charge.  If anything, I would have been surprised that out of the blue they are charging our guests 1%--but they are charging them 4% to 10% depending on the dollar amount of the booking.", 
" ", "Yeah, I see what you're saying. All other things being equal, your scenario is unlikely. More views should lead to more bookings. And if I can get eyes on my listing, I'm pretty confident that with a good listing at the right price, I can close the deal. But, as you said, it may all be moot. My \"right price\", like yours just went over the sweet spot for my customer base. ", 
"Condos are an unfamiliar creature to me.  My living arrangement which come closest to a condo experience is renting an apartment in a two/three family home and negotiating noise and disruption of any sort with my neighbors.  ", 
"*The ads that pop up from a search are about the only ones that I think will work since there had to be a search in the first place.", 
"3 inquiries for booked dates (how is this possible? I don't really mind these inquiries because at least someone is looking, but I am unable to inquire on booked dates - so how do these get through?)", 
" ", " ", "I don't think \"HAPPY\" is the word that I would use, but certainly it would show that they are listening and it would be a step in the right direction.", 
"Summer travel is a very high volume trend... And families are absolutely sensitive to $499 upcharges, even wealthy ones. ", 
"Dear Carol,", "The Senate is preparing to provide relief to consumers with The Forbidding Airlines from Imposing Ridiculous (FAIR) Fees Act which will prevent airlines from assessing passengers for \"unreasonable or disproportional fees to the costs incurred by the airlines\".", 
"From the description, Bill did not enquire about that property. I'm sure it's well within a competent hacker's capabilities to put a link in the email containing the quote which directed Bill to a lookalike VRBO payment site and even added a VRBO service charge on top!", 
"They are shifting from Owner being their customer, to Traveler being their customer. Nuff said.", 
"However, that could be why they are 'shooting themselves in the foot over and over again'. ", 
" ", "Small claims court doesnt do any of those legal maneuvers. ", 
"Registered Nurse (F)", " ", " ", " ", " ", "And you have to raise your rent to try to get a higher ranking (only to be knocked down if you don't convert a booking to Jack the Ripper or 50 teens on spring break)....when Tom Hale himself told us to lower the rent to subsidize the Service Fee if it's putting travelers off (or travelers can lower their standards and look for a less expensive house, is also what he said!).", 
"One major factor that's conspicuous in its absence in this article is the fact that a lot independent owners do not choose to run their payments through their listing site. I take PayPal and bank transfers and I don't need HA's payment processing services, nor do I wish to expose my guests' email info and data to HA/Expedia. It's my VR, my choice.", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", "You're welcome. I agree that this seems to be exactly what so many here have asked.", 
"Thanks for any clarification you can provide.", "So if it is not the fee, it is best match, or combination  of both. I know THale would tell us that BM would push my properties down - see, they don't deserve to be seen because next 60 days or so I have only a few days open, not entire weeks. Caveat is that my properties mostly rent WELL in advance - for example, I am now getting inquires/bookings for late summer/fall. I even got one inquiry for new years. BUT NONE OF THEM CAME VIA VRBO. I still have days and weeks to rent, waiting for my \"increased bookings\" from VRBO. ", 
"Ya think?", " ", "Buwhaaaaaa......Oh. My Word! Now that is classic! The nerve of some people huh?", 
"Interesting, we'll then.....VRBO was great while it lasted. I'm looking for an alternative resource.", 
"I found the screens:", "ROFL!!  Good one, Smoky!  Love, HomeAway", 
"When I firmly believe that this transition is not going to work, I will then check with other renters and make this decision.  In the meantime, I am hoping that VRBO/HA will see the errors in their judgement.", 
" ", " ", "You indicate that most of the properties above you appear to have been first listed after you listed yours.  How many of those are listed by a property manager rather than owner?  All listings of a property manager have seniority based on the date that property manager first listed on an HA site.  What this means is that if a PM first listed a property on a HA site in January 2006, every listing by that PM, including one that is first listed today, will have a seniority date of January 2006.", 
"Your post gave me my morning chuckle -- imagine sending a sofa via FedEx!", 
"1)  Reduce our annual subscriptions to $100, 200, 300, 500 plus #5 below", 
"Not surprising.  This company is a complete cluster...well, you know.", 
"Does anyone know how HA handles?  ", "He also spammed the forum for a day. Every post was from him. He then answered himself and awarded himself best answer. Then he marked the thread as final and blocked any comments.", 
" ", "It was likely not working out as someone thought it would when he was asked to moderate. ", 
" ", "Gross rental revenues are roughly $30,000", " ", "Khosrowshahi:  … I would say from the start to the next two to three years, we’re going to be working in parallel with similar solutions, but in different markets. I think in three to five years, we will increasingly move into the urban space. ", 
" ", " ", "Sorry about the same ***posts everyday.  You have obviously not been affected by the changes. Have you ever considered that some owners are having to sell properties, face a substantial loss of income, have lower resale issues and other collateral damage. There are many options other than HA and many of us have been marketing well beyond HA for years with much success. Would you prefer we keep our mouths shut and accept things as they are so the Seattle area will continue to give you business? VRBO is now VERY expensive for everyone and we have a right to show our dissatisfaction anyway we choose. Do something more constructive with your time than waste your valuable time with us \"morons\". What a tool.", 
"- the notion that Airbnb is just for couches, guest rooms and millennials is incorrect; if that's what you think, I would encourage you to spend twenty minutes perusing their site; you might be surprised to see what they offer and also the utility of their website; they are ahead of HA in regards to web design, which is a key factor to success in the online world; even HA recognizes this and has communicated it to us all in their communications. I'm glad they realize that they need to beef it up.", 
"", "realllllyyyy???? From where I sit, a lot of anger has been caused by lack of communication AND a lack of TIMELY disclosure by HA. Let's face it - they were trying to pull a fast one on owners and travelers, and it backfired. So now they blame it on mysterious \"misinformation\" spread by entities unknown? And what exactly IS this misinformation? That there is a fee now? That is a FACT. Add to that HA's rush to change the model IN THE MIDDLE of existing paid-for subscriptions, and what did they expect? Balloons and flowers? Accolades? At the very least, they should have let the existing subscriptions run out under the old terms before trying to slam in the fee.", 
"top of queue", " ", "He clicked a few buttons and solved the problem.", 
"Supporting Data:", "While a clear rental agreement is certainly a requirement, and not just important, I highly doubt it will prevent Homeaway from \"protecting\" guests at the owner's expense.", 
" ", "It goes without saying that there will be niche properties and certain markets on which the fee will have hardly any effect. Just like during RE fiasco the most expensive exclusive properties did not experience double digit price declines that the rest of mid priced properties did.  However, for those of us serving middle class mid to lower priced more mass market/traveler, our traveler is very price sensitive, and our market tends to have lot more competition. ", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "I tell the traveler to pay using eCheck.  I am notified that payment is approved and has been transferred to my account.  Traveler settles into condo 2 days later.  Approximately 5 days later I am notified that the payment has been reversed.  I call vrbo.  They say he probably entered the wrong account # and they can see from the screen he has already entered a new one so don't worry about it.  I ask how they can approve payment and then about 5 days later take it back out of my account?  They say it rarely happens.  I ask how many days can they actually do this for?", 
"Stone, suppose the traveler took your deposit slip and used it to deposit a check, not cash.  Unless you looked at the image of the deposit slip online, you'd not realized that it was a check and might not clear.  My bank takes several days for the image of a deposit slip to show up online, so again, you'd be taking a risk with this idea.  ", 
"You handled this well, in my opinion. I know that I would have done the same, at the end...e.g. eat the $25 fee afterall the trouble it was for the guest to book.   ", 
"I always put a due by date and don't add them to the calendar until I receive it back. Once due date has passed email them with \"sorry we have not received , blah blah back and your reservation is considered cancelled.", 
" ", "In time the traveler will look elsewhere to rent. Some short term they will pay the fee. These are the people that waited till the last minute to book a place and they feel they have no other recourse but to pay. It will take time for everyone to realize they have options and at that point they will start to search. ", 
" ", "Wait until you want to dispute it - then they hit you up for $500 more to add salt to the wound.", 
"Depending on who's implementing these changes (i.e. Expedia vs. Homeaway/VRBO), and I assume it's Expedia and are attempting to migrate to bookings that are transaction based, they are trying to force a minimal variety fee structure, you know, what you get renting a hotel room. Trying to enforce a transaction based booking with all plethora of reasons each property has some unique invoicing requirements is simply an oxymoron to me.", 
" ", "", "It's all lies.  It's always been about homeaway; how could anyone not see it?  ", 
"$1,200.00", " ", "1. Disabled automatic renewal on my homeaway accounts", 
"", "3. Want copy of traveler's gov't issued ID kept by HA.", 
"Just got an email form HE saying that NOW we can import calendars. Calendar import was not working even a few days ago. ", 
"More proof that we were right at the price tipping point for our home and that we will all be coerced into lowering our rates.  ", 
"But tax law seems pretty clear to me, as do state DOR rules: sales tax is due on the SALE amount.  Hence why its called a SALES tax.", 
"Yes you are correct - for INCOME tax.  The discussion at hand is about SALES tax (also know as LODGING tax).  Its alot different than income tax.", 
"There is no tax collected on the Trip Cancellation, Accident insurance, and Service Fee.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Another way around this is to import a calendar from another site (can be a google Calendar, iCloud calendar, Myvr.com, Logify, etc) in iCal format.  This will block off time on your calendar and does not seem to count against you.", 
"regards, ", " ", " ", " ", "I am on Platinum and have been for two years. I can't say silver or gold will do just as good or not.  I asked the same question of H/A \" please explain to me why I should NOW stay at platinum level vs lower levels\". I never received an answer. There was one post some time back from H/A that the listing will rotate within each level based on best match.", 
" ", "*The TV ads are so phony and absurd that they are just bad.  They tried to make them funny, but the ads are not even aimed at the right demographics.", 
" ", "While their listings are rolled in with ours, I'm SURE they have a separate contact that governs their relationship. ", 
"For nine years I have paid to subscribe to HA web hosting service and I have used their payment processing, which is all I ever wanted or needed from them. ", 
"Lowering the fee is not the issue. It's the principle of the fee. The damage has already been done.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Would VRBO really pay up, if there was no problem with VRBO and it was Bill's email that was hacked and he didn't even enquire about that property?", 
"Owner's haven't been customers for quite some time we are: suppliers ", 
" ", "There is an agreement between HA and the VR Owner. The website of either party is not a third party website. A website from another listing service is a third party website. A website of interest about the destination is a third party site (though they will probably not be affected). ", 
" ", "Substitute Teacher (F)", "I'm often asked to explain my remarks, which often leave others wondering . . . . on forums AND in person.  ", 
"Although the exact accounting is extremely difficult, I believe that even if I lose a little money on a rental, I am losing much less than if the property was vacant.", 
"One major factor that's conspicuous in its absence in this article is the fact that a lot independent owners do not choose to run their payments through their listing site. I take PayPal and bank transfers and I don't need HA's payment processing services, nor do I wish to expose my guests' email info and data to HA/Expedia. It's my VR, my choice.", 
"I feel so much better now!!! ", " ", " ", "Oh please … not FaceBook. I don't have a FB page and don't want one. Can find another space online?", 
" ", "I like that. I was in the same boat. Felt like I did not need to list anywhere else but VRBO. BOY was I stupid. Lesson learned. ", 
" ", "So I commented on the fact that we went from a record month in January to nothing for Feb and now Mar. HA said it was because our calendar was booked for 60 days. What they don't seem to understand is that properties book months in advance and not days in adavnce. We have weeks available in our peak summer season but nobody is booking...", 
"Yes they have full visibility to all emails sent on the site. I know this because of a traveller issue I had and they reviewed all communication. It's not invasion of privacy as it is their booking system. ", 
" One of the reasons I think I've had such good fortune is I will not accept a reservation before talking with the prospective guest on the phone.  This is the primary reason I don't like to use \"Book it Now.\"  If I use BIN the prospective guest is led to believe he or she has a reservation, and while there is a provision for me to communicate with the guest before accepting the reservation, it can make it a more awkward process than necessary.", 
"If he is such a good artist, he could well afford his own rental.  Obviously, he probably is not such a great artist. ", 
"There is a link to FB group. Please join that, there are alternative resources suggested and actively used by members. ", 
" ", "Q: What kind of company disparages its customers? ", "you keep your vrbo-HA at classic level but don't support them by driving traffic to the sites by linking to them.  always link to your own site in anything you do.  always refer guests to your own site. ", 
" ", "You are SOOO correct - my apologies!", "Makes perfect sense.  Logical approach to handling new listings.", 
"Thanks for the suggestion, I'm going to do that today.", " ", 
"Not sure what would hacking have to do with page count. I personally don't see much increase in my count, however, I must admit I gave up looking. What's the difference how many people (supposedly) looked at my property if there are 0 inquiries anyhow? ", 
"Expert speaking here, unless the policy changed yet again.", 
"But remember, the original poster can UN-mark any thread as final and any post as \"Correct\"", 
"We've seen this before, and with otherwise great companies; remember \"New Coke\" and the more recent JC Penny's faux pas of a no sale price policy?  There were others, but those stand out.", 
" ", "I must be getting old.", "Our mortgage is about $15,000", 
"Well, now I realise that maybe the trade off for all those limitations is reducing your pricing & occupancy levels to meet the lowered demand from ignoring all online bookers.. ", 
"And certainly Hotels.com, Expedia, Orbitz, and Travelocity bring a lot more urban demand, and I think we’ll take advantage of that urban demand to build up HomeAway’s supply in those urban destinations. ", 
"Sharples has to present the increases in actual bookings to Expedia as gains year over year.  That may work for him, as there were very few actual bookings thru HA a year ago.  He has to convince Expedia that most bookings last year were made thru HA payments, which will of course show huge gains in the past 12 months.", 
"Do you address the booking sites at all in your agreement? For example, \"HomeAway/booking service is not party to this agreement. If you have any problems regarding the booking services, that is separate from this agreement.\"", 
"cmrentals wrote:", " ", "1. I don't see those posts ", " ", 
"Tom when I do the math on these numbers it looks like the number of online bookable units is increasing but the number of bookings per online bookable unit is fairly constant.  Can you give any update on this metric?  Is there any easy way to give us a scorecard such as site hits to bookings per property?", 
"", "", "  ", "More and more I see reasons to accept checks and bank transfers, the problem is many people don't have $2-5k upfront for a vacation and must relay on credit because the rest of their vacation (food, entertainment) can easily triple that amount. I have only once accepted a bank transfer and they were unhappy that I requested it.", 
"I'm sure you guys have opinions on this as well. Please weigh in and - for the moment - be kind to Sharples and Hale. Give some \"constructive\" advice (or criticism) which will help them hear your heart. Let's quit whining and complaining long enough to state clearly what we want them to hear. Stand for a moment in their shoes, and tell them how you would have handled the need for increased revenue to address the increased marketing spends necessary to drive traffic to the website. IF they turn a deaf ear to this, then we're on our merry way. But, for just a moment, let's give them the benefit of the doubt, shall we?", 
"No doubt- each will have a unique experience. To clarify- we don't serve a \"high end\" market. Our guests are \"working class\" America and or retired. We by far are not the cheapest and certainly not the most expensive. ", 
"Can you please provide a website or Florida tax law that confirms your opinion?", 
"No, its not a question IMO.  Remember HA could have implemented this commission (service fee) model at any time over the past few years while Sharples owned it.", 
"Initially, this guest told me by email, they are a group of 10 people (5 adults 5 kids), 3 cars, and 3 occasional guests. I sent her the rental agreement. It suddenly turned into oh and by the way, we are 10 people, 4 cars, 12 guests on at least 2 days for dinner and during those 2 days, we will have about 7 cars.", 
"On my other property cleaning fee is $150, same 3 night minimum, lowest rate is $190/night. So right off the bat we are looking at $240 in offseason, will not even be looked at when others advertise much larger property at $240 rate. . ", 
"He says about a week.  I ask him to send this to me in writing.  When I get it in writing he says he was in error and it is actually 14 days in which they can go back and remove from your account.", 
" ", "I had this experience about a year ago, Rick, and have commented about it several times. Like yours, mine was supposedly a one digit typo in the account number. It is, indeed, disappointing that funds that don't exist were deposited then withdrawn with an excessive $25 fee. Where did these phantom funds come from in the first place, I wonder. I also ate the fee to keep the guest satisfied with the process.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "Unfortunately it works equally poorly for both.", 
"Most travelers do not understand that the property owners pay a very high subscription fee. When they hear of that plus their fee they will move on.", 
"I did some experimenting on the payment system.  I made a reservation using the cardholders name but the wrong address and the transaction went through.  Then I made up a name and address and the transaction still went through!  WTF?  do they do nothing to safeguard their transactions??", 
"A certified letter to the person whose ID you accepted and small claims court is less expensive than that.", 
" ", "Thanks", "Homeowners need the right to talk to our guests, to ensure that not only will they suit our home, but if our home is right for their precious vacation time and hard earned dollars. Our guests need to be vetted and the majority of owners need to set occupancy and on premise limits for our homes. If we don’t and guests destroy our home, we might be unable to provide access or promised amenities to the next guest. ", 
" ", "$1,299.99", "There's no good solution to this other than getting rid of the HomeAway Service fee entirely. Even if they lowered the percentage rate or made it a flat fee, if it continues to exist, it will inevitably lead to a closed communication system and we'll lose our ability to vet guests before booking. There's no other way the system can work as long as the fee remains. There will too much \"leakage\".", 
"2. Listed my properties on TripAdvisor and Home Escape ", "The full article on skift...", 
"1. Yes. Unknown and unpredictable service fee (commission) added to your rate eliminates your ability to set your pricing. ", 
"Sorry, it was a typo. ", "Sounds like A/B testing to me! ", 
" ", " ", "Presumably, if any is due, HA will take it out of the proceeds.", 
"All I get from ABB, though, are Millenials wanting to cram 25 people into my house, which has a four adult, six children legal limit, and wanting to come for just a weekend or three nights.", 
"Surely that tells you where the market is going.  ", "Same with my cell phone service.  Saved me $50/month on two phone lines.", 
"As an aside, does anyone use or like the google calendar as their primary?  I've never used it, but will need to block some unavailable time for some construction and could kill two birds with one stone perhaps?", 
" ", "FWIW", "Anyone else concerned about this turn of events?", 
"Hey if you cant beat them, join them!", "I found this not to be true. Because at the time I asked I was not using online booking and my listing went from page 2 to well below 550 listing. Never to be seen again.", 
"I think susan's neighbors could be more considerate of the effect of their renovation on others, but my life experience suggests the majority of people are focused on their own agenda and devote little, if any, thought to the effect of their actions on others. ", 
" ", "4 inquiries with NO reply from the traveler (I responded literally within minutes and followed up a day or two later)", 
" ", " ", " ", "I expect to see some backlash from HA's secondary target group (which is travelers) when spring break has passed and these people begin to research options for their summer vacations. They aren't stupid... And they have rented private vacation homes before WITHOUT paying these service fees. There is no consumer loyalty to the HA brand. Travelers will not think twice about moving to another source to book the same properties at a lower fee.", 
"Thank you for contacting HomeAway Customer Support.", "Sound familiar?  Yes, similarities between the fees levied by airlines, and the traveler fee newly implemented by homeaway come to mind . . . . ", 
"newt wrote:", "Wow Carol....this is really bad. Why would HA want that....it only hurts them if a guest writes a bogus review on a good owner/property for the sole purpose of extortion. I mean if the property gets a bad review (erroneously) the property receives less inquiries because of it. Owner AND HA suffer? Doesn't make any sense and will definitely continue to decrease their inventory (as they like to call it)", 
"I taught organizational structure to grad students (they found it boring) and I learned that when the consumers have a series of problems, organizations can and do get very defensive as their primary response.  They rarely take the time to look internally at themselves and see what they can do to help the situation and/or the consumer. ", 
" ", "Small claims is the \"common man's\" court - its mostly used for things like getting a damage deposit back from a landlord.", 
"Stay at home mom (F)", " ", " ", " ", " ", "This whole thing would be laughable if it wasn't so sad, scary, and depraved.", 
"Not everything is about bookings. Sometimes is about retaining control of your own property/business.", 
" ", " ", "Well, I feel better also.  I'm up and running on Vacation Home Rentals, just some tweaking to do.  My web-page is under control now that I've learned how to import my calendar.  I've disabled auto-renew with HA awaiting their April announcement.  And best of all, 2 of our 3 cabins are going up for sale.  We have emailed prior guests for their potential interest in buying, are having serious talks with a very interested party now, and failing that, they go live with our Realtor on May 1.", 
"Ah…but it does have to do with HA payments and booking through the system.  I too have been on VRBO since 2006. I too have a low acceptance rate. For now that number is hidden from the traveler, but I expect that will soon be shown within the listing, once BIN use is completely forced upon the owner.  This happened with the response rate, but I think that showing the response rate was indeed a good thing.  I do not think showing the acceptance rate is a good thing, but I realize that HA feels otherwise. Once the majority of listers that use the system have an acceptance rate of at least 50% they will start showing it within the listing - IMHO - probably by the end of the year.    ", 
"Not like last year. ", "Is that a trick question? of course. i do not think that someone sits and reads emails on the daily basis, but they can see them if they want to. ", 
" ", " ", "Yes, I'm going back to long term rental if things don't improve.  I have opened up in other markets including my own website, FB, etc. The only thing I know for certain is I won't be renewing my HA subscription.", 
"Its simple to downgrade on VRBO (not sure about HA):", " ", 
" ", "Can I put on my NASTY hat here?", " ", " ", "We are getting Ukraine requests as well.  What is best way to notify VRBO?", 
"2)  Charge a \"sliding scale\" Service Fee of $5-100.   Some of us have very low seasons, and only 1-2 night minimums, so adding a flat rate of $25 wouldn't be wise.  Someone booking a tiny Studio or just a room within a home for one night for (say) $49, should not have to pay an add'l $25.  $5 would be more fair.", 
"u0999 wrote:", " ", " ", " ", "And, in Mr. Hale's honor, and meant in the best of humor, without any disrespect, \"hope that helps\" . . . . ", 
"And Pepsi never overtook Coca Cola, did it?  To this day, Coke remains the real thing . . . .", 
"Expenses are roughly $18,000", " ", "", " ", "All the charges for the reservation are noted in the rental agreement, along with a clause that states… ", 
" ", "- the renter has no loyalty to the general homeowner, nor do they have marked loyalty to HA or Airbnb or any other site", 
"2. The fee hasn't been implemented in Canada yet, as far as I understand?", 
"5. \"In other words, some of that money is being used for new fraud protection coverage for guests and new guarantees to property owners.\"", 
" ", "HaHa Carol!  Thanks for another laugh.  Visuals always help!", 
"\"What was wrong?\" I asked.", "The calendar is booked for the next 90 days with the exception of 5 days; this listing has ~half the availability of other listings in this area, in both the peak season and over the next 12 months.", 
" ", "Clearly the emperor has no clothes.  The story that we keep hearing is not jibing with what we as owners are experiencing.  The company rhetoric does not match with reality.  I'm sure that what you say is mostly true but I think that Sharples and Hale have a golden parachute and will be just fine either way.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "My apologies for resurrecting the older thread.  I'm not sure why, but I'm occasionally seeing older posts.", 
"Meanwhile,  a few days later I am noticed again.  NSF.  Charges reversed again.", 
"I did have one last minute renter who brought cash - I think it was about $2000.  He was a little nervous about carrying all that money and I was nervous until I was able to deposit it.   ", 
" ", "Many of you have complained about Best Match and how that resulted in the loss of inquiries.  That may have been true because many of you booked so far out.  For those that book within a two month window, Best Match didn't change inquiries much.  The problem with the Service Fee is that it is caused not only a loss of inquiries, but a loss of bookings.  A loss of bookings is a much greater concern.   Since the Service Fee went into effect Feb, 18, I have had 0 inquiries. I now have any empty cabin in a ski area, with snow falling.   My market area is now 80% booked for next weekend, so the travelers are getting the bookings somewhere, just not from HomeAway.  The statistics from HomeAway tell the story:", 
" ", "Best match does nothing but ensures a traveler sees a place with openings. No bookings means fees for H/A. Now I don't claim to understand vacation rental all over the world but I do understand it in my area. There are hundreds of places that don't book because they are dumps. Best match will promote these places causing people to be upset with their rental. If there is a next time they will search the net to find a better place. ", 
"This needs more attention, we are getting completely dumped on with these new changes.  HA gives owners zero protection and takes no liability for chargebacks or other fraud by guests.  We get maybe $200 to $500 in security deposit where the guest gets keys to a $200K to $500K vacation home.  VRBO Raised the credit card fees to cover the credit card charge on their new service fee.  For what we are paying we should at least get protection from chargebacks and major damage by guests.", 
"Saw this on another VR forms -- Important Information about ChargeBacks, and how they work.", 
"Best way to get to a transaction based billing system is force hosts into enough frustration to comply with the modifications tossed at us .. conform or move on to another listing source apparently. ", 
"It won't work for others. I have shared before,. the part of URL is property specific but has no rhyme or reason that anyone could decipher. Par is your property ID, but the rest is some what looks like random number. It's the random part that cannot be approximated for other listings. ", 
"", "But, let's work together, not against each other, please.     ", 
"8.04%", " ", "3. Acquired a Paypal account to securely accept payments", 
" ", "2. NA", "Errr….I think their search function has some issues…it apparently just links to a Google general search:", 
" ", "It is not called a \"what the owner receives\" tax.", 
"For sales tax, IMO you are not correct.", " ", "Actually, I joined HA about 2 years ago on subscription and had to FIGHT to get my money after the reservation was made. HA is heading toward holding your money until check in time. This is also why they are pushing PPB because they can hold your money. The T&C of Yapstone changed to state that they hold your money unless you are approved for immediate payment.", 
"Where is it going?  HA has been emulating ABB.   I don't understand people who are supposedly outraged about the \"Service Fee\" saying they are going over to ABB.  The fee for travelers at ABB is slightly MORE than HA's.  But ABB controls and penalizes just like HA.", 
" ", "I do not, but I do use it on my website. I import/copy HA calendar into it. I don't want to show HA calendar, so I use Google. My old site (new one is WIP)", 
"tom ", "\"I got a pop up from vrbo telling me that I would be penalized in the future for accepting payment for these reservations outside of the system, or something like that. They aren't bookings. They are personal use of my property. This obviously has penalized me because I don't have many page views and I don't have any inquires at all\"", 
"bevjay wrote:", "Eureka! That's it.  Owners should set up a VHR-like setting managed as a \"homeowners'\" association with shared ownership whose positioning is \"owned and operated by owners for owners/renters\".  This was the system adopted by banks with Visa/MasterCard and by newspapers with AP.", 
"Best match plus fee I don't currently think platinum is worth it.", 
"I really can't complain about my neighbors -- they have been wonderful.  I have just one frustration to report.", 
"My suggestion is:  save your money or use a new ad agency who can produce effective ads that will drive people to the website.  ", 
"  My peak summer season is booked up (less one recently cancelled stay), but typically at this time of year, I'm filling in open Spring dates and taking reservations for September and October.  ", 
"I Believe that HA has likely determined that from a strategic standpoint, PMs are a primary target for them because they provide much more revenue to the company than a single homewoner does. ", 
"i will not be dictated to by somebody who is piggybacking on my assets for financial gain. ", 
"The model will end up killing itself... I thought Sharples already said this a few years back.", 
" ", "I apologize for the delay in responding to your help request. We are currently working through an unusually heavy backlog of email cases as quickly as we can. Thank you for your patience.", 
" ", " ", "Except they are counting on having more inventory than they need for the number of renters they will see in a year.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Mail Carrier", "All good.", "In addition, of course, \"occupancy generates occupancy\".  Those guests who enjoyed the VR will sometimes return and/or refer friends to you, and may even post a great review.", 
"Not everything is about bookings. Sometimes is about retaining control of your own property/business.", 
" ", " ", "I agree that owners prefer subscriptions and I have had a platinum subscription for many years.  I just don't think they can have both a subscription based model and a pay-per-booking model.  Sure I would rather they keep the subscription model, but they are moving away from that platform to a pay-per-booking system. They are NOT going to turn back.  I just don't think the two platforms can be mixed.  The article says that the commission-based model is the trend. I just don't think they can have both.", 
"Maybe something like this :  Groupbox is a website for online groups", 
"Old Post", "Dave", " ", "DITTO with me. record January, fell off the cliff after the fee.  we book 6-18 mos in advance. Even though my calendar is full RIGHT NOW, I would notrmally be booking late fall AND fill in dates  now. ", 
"Yes they can and yes they will. They have no choice. This will be part of their monitoring of us.  ", 
" Pictures and written descriptions are one thing, but there is nothing better than taking the time to get to know potential guests and their expectations in a telephone exchange.  I also look for that subjective thing I call \"good chemistry.\"  While I think I'm pretty good at filtering out \"bad\" guests, there is something beyond what you propose that would give me even more comfort.  The good news is it would generate revenue and near a 100% marginal profit margin.", 
"I would just tell his, \"Sorry, but I don't need an artist at this time.  Perhaps in a few years--like 8-10 years.\"", 
"What does HA management feel is an acceptable level of inventory shrink? 10%, 25%, 50%?", 
" ", "A: One that is not going to be in business for very long.", 
"AKA:", " ", "My first attempts at a video was quite mediocre.  It had many of the items I listed above - too long, too jerky, etc.", 
"So, I joined in 2006.  Anyone who wanted to be at the top would be better off paying me to list their property though you?", 
"I received this message last week:", " ", "What's the difference how many people (supposedly) looked at my property if there are 0 inquiries anyhow? ", 
"You have to cancel and refund all reservations with outstanding payments.", 
"And can \"branch\" a post to another spot -- maybe a little viewed group -- if it is not relevant to the thread. ", 
"Home Away / VRBO is what is called an \"ecosystem\" business model.  While operating in a different market sector, a good example of a well-executed ecosystem business model is Google - it understands what it should \"give away,\" and what it should sell.  Of course, the reality is Google never really gives anything away without receiving substantially more value in return.  However, since much of that value is \"information,\" those donating the information don't feel the pinch.", 
"thaxterlane wrote:", " ", "HOA is $1300 ", "2 bed apartment No 1", 
"As an owner of an apartment in a popular European urban area, (IMO) Khosrowshahi is making a dangerous assumption. STRs in the urban space are increasingly under attack. NY, San Francisco, Austin, Portland, Denver, Berlin, Paris, Barcelona … all these cities are restricting and even banning STRs for several reasons : skyrocketing housing costs, quality of life for residents, tax evasion, etc, etc …", 
"While owners and HA know that to be incorrect, Expedia may fall for it.", 
"Service Traveler Fee imposed by HomeAway/VRBO is not included above and is paid directly to HomeAway.  ", 
"Sorry about the same ***posts everyday.  You have obviously not been affected by the changes. Have you ever considered that some owners are having to sell properties, face a substantial loss of income, have lower resale issues and other collateral damage.", 
" ", "3. What in tarnation does Elon Musk have to do with any of this? He is a notorious sociopath who also happens to be brilliant. He is known for his lack of people skills and for letting his ego get the better of him. I also don't think he had a service contract in effect with the person whose car he won't build. ", 
"There is absolutely 0 proof of that, especially the latter part (underline is mine). Again, and empty marketing claim being parroted by Tnoos. From what we have seen so fare there are absolutely NO increased protections to the owners, in fact, the fake \"guarantee\" prompts travelers to do chargebacks at a drop of a hat.", 
"I know that some of this data may be too confidential to give exact numbers but if you can talk about increases or decreases in the number of nights booked per unit or the number, etc it would be much appreciated.", 
"Great pic!", "", "Just to follow up....it is now mid-March and still no bookings since a record January. Our peak season is summer and usually guests are booking at this time of year for Jul thru September.  Our calendar remains wide open.  Now we did have two inquiries that did not book with one saying that with the added service fee we were too expensive.  So now as owners we are supposed to drop our prices by 10% to remain compwtitve? How about HA dropping the subscription fee by 10%?  So far we have not seen any increase due to the expanded marketing efforts....only a decrease. Looks like the winners from this change in business model has been the advertisers.", 
"There is no way I am taking before and after videos and photos after each guest to prove my property's representation is true, although it very much is. Its too much work. I already need to exchange 4+ emails with them and edit rental agreement with this guest or that one, because they try to withhold guest info or play the card of \"I dont know which family members might visit\". I dont allow that. All guests are written into my contract. Sometimes their date of visit and car as well. ", 
" ", "For those who are in a mass \"condo\" market I can see where the fee becomes a competitive issues- between owners and PMs/ who's being assessed and who's not. To the point a $100 +/- additional fee can be a make or break. ", 
"According to current written Florida tax law, an owner is responsible for the tax on any mandatory commission / fee.  Remember they call it a \"Sales tax\" because it is based on the sale price, NOT what the owner receives.", 
"However, Sharples admitted on his \"lessons learned\" interview that a commission model will fail.  So he kept the coffers full with a lucrative and ever-rising tiered subscription platform, while at the same time touting to potential buyers that a commission model could triple HA's revenue with a 10% piece of the $15 billion bookings facilitated on HA.", 
"Sigh!! ", " ", "I notify traveler to go into Management office and pay in cash or vacate the unit.", 
"suppose the traveler took your deposit slip and used it to deposit a check, not cash.  Unless you looked at the image of the deposit slip online, you'd not realized that it was a check and might not clear. ", 
"A typo in the account number field is not like a bounced check. The account is real, the money is available; the guest made a simple mistake that we all make several times a day when typing. If you, VRP, errantly deposit funds in my account, don't charge me for your mistake. Verify the account first!", 
" ", "The chart below shows EVERYTHING falling off a cliff around mid-February.  \"All listings in USA\" took a nosedive on the same day the travelers fee was introduced.  Its a pretty sharp \"hook\" shape fall from success.  And this is NATIONAL, not only my listing.", 
"Best match will eliminate the higher priced property. Why? Because of the search criteria the traveler entered. Most people start off looking for that mansion that rents for $100.00/ night. They never will be able to see the property that rents a little higher but has 100 reviews of happy guests saying they are glad they paid a little more. ", 
"Exactly.  I read things where people said make sure the name on the reservation matches the credit card name, but I made a reservation under Janis Joplin and used that for the credit card as well and the request went through--and I am not Janis Joplin!", 
" ", "I don't have a head-to-head comparison like this, but have noticed that my average price for my property has been different prices when I checked three times in the same day - and having made no changes to the listing or my rental availability.", 
"I remember that I used to be able to see my entire listing, and at the end of the web page I would see a cumulative view count from the day I first paid VRBO for my listing.", 
"My husband and I are nearing retirement age. I guess we won’t have much longer to be disrespected by HomeAway with the recent changes, such encouraging owners to OPT IN, but not OPT OUT. Doesn’t the OPT stand for the word “optional”?", 
"\"It's always been about homeaway; how could anyone not see it?\"", 
"$1,300.00", "Tom has already telegraphed that it's coming. He warned everyone to behave themselves and \"play by the rules\" or HA would have to reevaluate whether or not give us access to guests' info before booking.", 
"4. Working with my Home owners associations of my condos to develop a mechanism to accept direct bookings.", 
"https://skift.com/2016/03/15/challenges-in-travel-booking-2016-expedia/", 
"3. NA", "", "So much for the service fee not being a \"substantial\" change to our terms & conditions. ", 
" ", " ", "Incidentally, your examples show that it is now very unwise for an owner to lump tax in with rent  because the guest will be charged a service fee on the tax, which would not happen if the tax were broken out.", 
"Well you can easily close off calendar on ABB for dates too far in advance. but I agree on them holding your money. I have had same issue with FK commissioned - I have a customer STILL pending who paid almost 18 mos in advance and I do not see the money for another month or so.", 
" ", "The important thing is to never need a service provider as much as they need/want you.", 
"Blue Mountain Lodge, Gatlinburg, Tennessee", "Legitimate to me also means ensuring the listing is accurate. It means contacting the owner/PM when an inaccuracy is brought to the attention of HA to have them correct the listing or HA disables it. ", 
" ", " ", " ", "I switched from Platinum to Gold at my last renewal in June 2015.   This year,  I had the same number of rentals as the year before with slightly higher revenue.  My calendar was nearly completely filled.   I'm thinking of going down to Silver this time around to continue the experiment.  Since markets are different and for some perspective, I have a 3BR/3BA + Loft townhouse in Deer Valley, UT.  There are 560 listings in Deer Valley on VRBO (about 200 fewer on Homeaway).  Of those, 192 are 3BRs.  I suspect a lot of folks search by price as the range in nightly rates for a 3BR in Deer Valley right now is from $225 - $1900/night.   Searching by price, low to high, will always get my listing to the first page.    The season is very limited.  It basically runs from Christmas-time to April 1.  We also tend to have decent summer bookings.  ", 
" ", " ", "Exactly my situation. II have a bit left in May , and Sep and Oct. All I am getting is from the other site. 0 from VRBO. ", 
" ", " ", "HA can do whatever they want with the fee.  Problem is, my loyalty to HA as a sole source of leads died already.  HA is full of itself.  Much of the site traffic it gets is because owners directed traffic to their VRBO listing.  Now as we list elsewhere that is fee free(our own personal site, or some other), we will move those links to those other sites, hence site traffic for HA will be negatively affected and all that free advertising is lost.   HA is doing what it thinks is in its best interest, but so will the property owners... ", 
"I am guessing there will be a two pronged PR campaign/strategy about this whole debacle around that time too..... From HA's competition:", 
" ", "https://skift.com/2016/03/10/relief-from-ridiculous-airline-fees-proposed-by-u-s-senators/?utm_campaign=Daily+Newsletter&utm_source=hs_email&utm_medium=email&utm_content=27219534&_hsenc=p2ANqtz-_GkqKcvP5BbD3y8szBJWQH-UTxICaTlwwNyVD75oezWHA7OPWV0KZYpdCfAHqIJcrwNF2rIC-Tckf_Z1_8ejc-3bQr0A&_hsmi=27219534", 
"thale wrote:", "MY theory is that Expedia is trying to EXTINGUISH the vacation home rental market because it eats away at their core business which is reselling blocks of hotel rooms and airline tickets that they have negotiated with major travel companies via a travel distribution provider, I.e. worldspan, which is now Travelport. They are trying to run us off. ", 
"I am concern that not only we, the owners, will pay (in many different ways), but the renters will also pay as well (in many different ways).", 
"HA just doesn't want competitor services advertised using the resources and advertising HA funds. ", 
"Anything like cease and desist or defamation and libel requires an attorney and beaucoup bucks.  And alot of time.", 
"Community College employee(F)", "And do you not think Expedia pays marketing people to promote this story to News channels?", 
" ", "I agree that owners prefer subscriptions and I have had a platinum subscription for many years.  I just don't think they can have both a subscription based model and a pay-per-booking model.  Sure I would rather they keep the subscription model, but they are moving away from that platform to a pay-per-booking system. They are NOT going to turn back.  I just don't think the two platforms can be mixed.  The article says that the commission-based model is the trend. I just don't think they can have both.", 
" ", "What is one of those Seven Deadly Sins?  Ah, yes...GREED.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Moosetracks Family Cottages", "Bottom line is that those that use BIN consistently will be rewarded.  IMHO, those that don't use BIN will drop in ranking and/or will be completely removed from the site. I think the only way for you to play the game at this point is to sign up for HA payments and have a few friends book a night or two at a low nightly rate of say $50. Pick nights that you know you will not be able to book. This will allow you to test the system and might cost you less than perhaps $10 to $20 to do so. It will also give you a couple of acceptance points.  I do not think there is anything wrong in testing the system.  We have a right to know what the traveler sees and what they don't see.  We have a right to know how the system works.  ", 
"MMine fell OFF the cliff in late November and I had almost no site traffic and ZERO inquiries for more than two months. And then all of the sudden I had a bunch of inqiiries within a few days.... Clearly vrbo turned off my listing in their \"testing\", I wasn't sure what happened but after all of this, I now understand they did something unethical and possibly oitside of the parameters of the agreement we made when I renewed my subscription. I realky did trust HomeAway until feb 18. I held them in very high regard, now I don't even like them. ", 
"Google's computers read everything sent through gmail so it can target advertising and generally manipulate the flow of information to users based on the perceived interests of people. (Users may think they are getting objective and balanced results on their google searches, but if they use gmail the contents of their correspondence, along with online activities, can skew the results.) Nothing in HA's weak privacy policy suggests that it will not mine every bit of information, personal and other, which passes through its system. There is value in data, as google has shown. One must assume that HA will do all it can to monetize the data within its control.", 
" ", "Anyone know how this \"artist\" could shotgun out so many VRBO owners?", 
" ", " ", "bobbie32 wrote:", "DO NOT FEED THE MONSTER (HA-VRBO)", 
"Please dont take anything personally - nothing against you.", 
" ", "got an answer from the powers", "Hello ", "3) Those that pay a higher subscription get featured listings", 
"So true!  I'm sitting here crafting up my first SALE evahhhh because I have empty weeks on my calendars for the first time in 4 years.  And I'm seriously concerned about the caliber of bookings the sale may draw...", 
"actually, I think @tara_blackshear@yahoo.com is correct. It reverts to a PPB unless you cancel it and then charge the guest outside the HA system.", 
"acbrown1969", " ", " ", "Cautionary note to Homeaway? ", " ", 
"property value:    $550,000 - ", "AirBnB had to turn over its owner list to the state of NY. Austin is implementing a total ban. If anything, the market is going to contract as it becomes more unpopular among residents in those locations. With STRs getting more attention in the press these days, neighbors will be denouncing neighbors when they see luggage-toting people coming and going through their building several times a week. Municipalities are creating special teams to search OTA listing sites for offenders and in Paris, they're showing up at their doors with listing printouts from AirBnB to compare furnishings/layout and fining owners (35,000 - 50,000€).  People in NY don't want to pay $1million for an apartment and find out their neighbor across the hall running a de-facto hotel.", 
" ", "", "This is exactly what I am talking about. You seem to think that a 10% service fee is damaging enough to make people close down or sell properties and that the solution to this problem is to publicise it, to drive guests away, to make it as damaging as possible, in the hope that Homeaway folds before you do.", 
"- repeat renters have loyalty to the vacation places they have stayed before and will stay there again, so long as it makes financial sense to do so", 
"", " ", "vrdoctor wrote:", " ", "He replied, \"Oh it was an 'I.D. ten T' error. You can write that code down in case you have to call an IT again.\"", 
"Dropping subscription fee by 10% is a drop in a bucket. If you paid $1000 for subscription, and they drop it by $100, big deal. They charge MORE per one booking fee than 10%  reduction in subscription price. AND, that is not going to help your booking if the fee is still there - so you have $900 subscription now, and the renters still do not book because fee makes it too expensive. Thisnk about it. ", 
" ", "Expedia wins either way, if they can skim 10% off of the VR market they make a ton of money.  If they kill the VR market and drive travelers back to hotel rooms they make even more money.  Brian Sharples received 59M worth of accelerated vested stock, I'm sure there are no regrets there.  Sure he had to kill his baby which he spent years building up but with that kind of money at stake who wouldn't?  Sharples never would have done this when it was purely his company because he knows that this will likely drive the company into the ground, and the video from six years ago shows this to be true.  Do I believe that Sharples and Hale are evil?  No, they are human and are doing what their leaders have asked them to do.  Will this kill the company, well only time will tell.", 
"We are not 'high end' either.  However, our condos are nicer than their price point, but I still think it is the 'old school' beach atmosphere that folks come for.  I'm trying to find the reason that some are doing well, and others are dead in the water. ", 
" ", " ", "This service fee thing sucks. People who should be renting a larger home are coming to me and people who should be renting my home are settling for less home, if even using HA at all. ", 
"Have you considered building cleaning into your weekly rate, but not the shorter stays?  For whatever reason, when I was reading about strategies market tested, the cleaning fee was less objectionable this way.", 
"Traveler says he is only going to pay per our agreement which was to use an echeck and furthermore he is subject to Landlord/Tenant Laws.", 
" ", "Agreed, have been using this for quite some time and have had no problems. ", 
"Observation #1:  If I look at the Contacts to Bookings (Bookings/Contacts), I'm at 0 because both Contacts and Bookings are 0.  For my market, that number is 90%, meaning nearly everyone that that got an inquiry, booked the request.  Since the inventory hasn't changed (been 1800 for the last year), the contacts (inquiries) have to have dropped dramatically.  HomeAway will tout the high conversion rate, but the reality is that the inquiries that HomeAway is providing, has dropped 75%!!!!    ", 
" ", "The traveler will never be given the chance to change their mind. Until they change their criteria entered. ", 
" ", " ", "I just changed my rates to get the average down from $350/night to $228. I took out my nightly rates.", 
" ", "", " ", "$1,399.99", " ", "5. Contacting previous guests to warn them against predatory booking sites \"service fees\".", 
"too little too late", "1.  Yes.  For one thing, I don't think these companies are entitled to a percentage of the rent, from either the traveler or the owner;  a percentage-based \"Service Fee\" on private home vacation rental properties is absurd since those rents are premium, causing that service fee to be prohibitively high;", 
"Interesting that anyone could complain about free advertising and exposure for their business, especially given that exclusively giving one company control over their marketing has so many people scrambling without HA/VRBO to hand them inquiries.", 
"Exactly, I go back to my default rates and no bookings, I lower by 7% and magically I get a booking the same day.  now I'm going to go up and down by 2% at a time and see what the tipping point is.", 
"Just IMO of course.", "Sales tax is generally going to be calculated on the amount of the SALE.  Typically fees such as credit card and other fees are included in the calculation, because they are part of the sale.", 
" ", " ", "They are both awful models, and i hope both will go out of businesses.", 
"Carol, I did not say I have been forced to move to ABB.  That is not at all what I've said.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "If someone told me that I have to pay $495 in case they are a fraudster, I would second guess whether the site as a whole is a fake.  I would wonder why a site does not verify the homes listed.", 
"Wow, your rank and scorecard was affected and a pop-up appeared because you blocked out calendar time for your family?", 
"Anyone else concerned about this turn of events?", "Seriously folks.  This is the long- term strategic answer for owners.", 
"I agree!!!", "Background: I'm 1.5 blocks from the ocean in a community where the setback requirements allow all the houses in the first two blocks a view of the ocean.  No trees are allowed in the setback because they would block the view, but some trees are grandfathered in.   My ocean-ward neighbor has a 30 foot holly tree that blocks our ocean view.   Previous owners of my house complained to the city and he responded by carving two notches out of the holly so people on either the 1st or 2nd floor porch can see to the ocean.  But, of course, over time, these notches fill in again. and start blocking the view.  Now, the only ocean view I have is from a 3rd floor bathroom window.  ", 
"The key is building a name brand people trust.  You can't accomplish that when you have one part of the equation really angry with you because you violated their trust and wants nothing more than another HA to come along so they can leave you.  In the mean time they are going to battle you over the Service Fee every step of the way.  You were building a good brand name until you added the Service Fee which is now destroying your brand. ", 
"sunnycs wrote:", "google Red Awning and look at their press releases. ", 
"They should be thanking me instead of admonishing me. ", "EXACTLY. I have told the same their exec in y-day phone call. ", 
" ", "I understand you wish to reject the terms and conditions changes due to the service fee change. The terms actually state, \"your consent to any such amendment is not required in the event the proposed amendment is clerical and/or non-substantive in nature.\"", 
" ", " ", "well eventually someone will get a clue and take us in with open arms. but I have not been putting all my eggs in one basket for quite a while. ", 
"I am wondering, just wondering, it there are not some internal struggles at VRBO/HA.", 
"sapphiresteve wrote:", " ", "Grocery Store employee (F)", " ", 
"The best advertising is happy guests, and a vacant VR will not produce happy guests.", 
" ", " ", "I don't think I'll survive another announcement about evolution by HomeAway.  ", 
"Perhaps another subscription based site will materialize and people will flock towards that site. But for now, all we can do is deal with this mixed up mess. ", 
"Or if anyone knows a good \"group\" site ...", "If anyone is interested in joining a private group where we can discuss these awful fees & propose solutions.....please send me a friend request.", 
"It is true that VRBO''s most recent site policy changes have (more so than ever before) caused property owners to seek alternative sites.", 
" ", "It appears owners can't rely on Homeaway, given your experience, and the experiences relayed by several other members in this thread (and elsewhere in the forum).", 
" ", " I'm confident your new service fee, particularly how it has been implemented, will prove to be a \"New Coke\" moment.  As was the case with Coke, the sooner you realize this the better.  There is a way to do this with a system that would produce similar revenue flow, and at the same time provide both property owners and guests with higher comfort.", 
" ", "IMO HA doesnt see it that way.", " ", " ", "Everyone..", 
" ", "So many of the forum participants gave so much great advice - not only the video, but my photos, and my listing text, and even issues with the property itself.", 
" ", "Thanks for the updated information.We are okay with the accommodation and cost .I'll make an arrangement with our Accountant to make and mail a Bank Check for the full amount through Regular Mail so we can be assured of our reservation.I don't have access to a bank transfer nor pay pal account.I can only instruct my Accountant to issue the Bank check in Euros for easy cashing at your bank so i hope you can understand.So provide me with the information she need below:", 
" ", "I'm not either but there is no doubt that that massive runup was connected to the hacking attempt.   HA couldn't answer the question.", 
"Can you go back to the plan where it's free (HA gets a percentage) until your bookings are complete?  I'm not sure if they have that option anymore. ", 
"Yeah, did you see he is back today and marked my discussion/question as best answer and final?", 
"The key to executing a successful ecosystem business model is to build and nurture a \"fulcrum\" in the middle, and then build the levers (things that deliver profit) to lay across the fulcrum.  In a services ecosystem, the marginal profit from those levers is amazing, and that is why when done right, it is a very good business model.  The hopefully not too subtle point to embrace here is to realize that success, a business must protect its fulcrum.  That is where Home Away and VRBO executives are falling short.", 
"Mr. Hale appeared to be exacerbating the displeasure being expressed in the forum. ", 
" ", "YEAH BABY DO THE MATH, WE'RE ROLLIN' IN IT!!  ", " ", 
"The pressure to stop STRs in urban areas is increasing, not decreasing … and to assume it's a growth market doesn't seem very prudent to me.", 
"Once that crucial time window passes, Sharples can blame Expedia for mucking everything up and trashing the HA platform.", 
"Once they see our charges outlined, it should be clear that the total amount they are paying is different from our charges. ", 
" ", " ", "I think your burning ship analogy is a little off. The better analogy is that the ship is sinking, and it is best to get off now.  The statistics show (at least those that showed until yesterday) that travelers have rejected the Service Fee and are placing their inquiries and bookings outside of the HomeAway platform.  THESE are real arguments. ", 
"6. \"The increased marketing expenditure will result in more bookings for owners, the company said.\"", 
" ", "In the Boston area, we have many older low height overpasses on our roads, as some of you may know.", 
"", "Yes I know...the 10% discount comment was made with tongue firmly planted in cheek.....however lost in translation.", 
"I was once taken to court over a security deposit for a guest (a 6 month lease) who made excessive damages to carpets, linens, curtains, cabinets, I had all of the detailed after photos, but the judge warned me that because I didnt have detailed and time stamped photos or video no more than 1 day prior to their stay, I would have a hard time proving it was in fact their damage. We settled. I am forever upset, and STILL I refuse to physically take details photos and videos because its an unbelievable amount of work. It would be like a 30 min video for each guest. Imagine...ok here is the carpet to this room, here is the nightstand, here are both sides of the comforter and linens, lets watch the toilet flush, lets open this cabinet. Give me a break!!!!!!", 
"1) I think the biggest sin was when Brian Sharples and Tom Hale decided a buy-out by Expedia would be a good thing. Yes, they got an initial pocket full of money. But, they are now living to regret that decision. It's biting them straight in the butt as they now experience the heavy hand of Expedia coming down upon them making demands for more money....more profits. Squeeze the market harder. We don't care where you get the money from....but there better be improved profit margin numbers at our next quarterly board meeting or your jobs are history! Imagine being the success story you are as an executive, and are now threatened as insufficient and incapable. What must that do to your ego? Sharples and Hale should never have agreed to the buyout. That is sin #1 and therefore carries with it the largest portion of the blame. I could see where temporary greed has now become a permanent burden.", 
" ", " ", "Its no different than when a landlord sells an apartment building.  All the \"potential\" revenue is inflated to what the market COULD bear, and all the expenses are deflated by hiding the \"deferred maintenance\" items.", 
"So they have 10 people and will be having an additional 12 people for a total of 22?  This sounds like a wedding reception or other large family event that you really do not want in your home.  I would suggest bumping their damage deposit up significantly if you allow them to have this many people in your home.", 
" ", "I cut off communication with him but receive a series of very strange, threatening emails.", 
"Yes agreed an owner would have to look online to validate that cash was indeed deposited.  I would generally avoid this technique but if I was to rent to a last-minuter then I would consider this approach.", 
" ", "", "We both know that if the travelers fee could have worked, Brian Sharples would have introduced it years ago and pocketed the massive fees for himself!  But he knew it would fail, as he stated so eloquently in his \"lessons learned\" video.", 
"Best Match = pushing property with openings to get H/A their fee.", 
"Whats the point of even HAVING a security deposit if the entire payment and security deposit gets charged back??   These people did do actual damage but I thought I was covered with the security deposit.  Now I have NOTHING but hours wasted on the phone with VRBO and home away payments.", 
" Chargebacks. They may not seem like a big deal, but fees can add up and impact the bottom line of any growing business. YapStone's article outlines chargebacks: what they are, how they're used against businesses and what you can do to protect your business. ", 
"Upon updating my rate (not lowering them, just eliminating nightly) I got 2 request in 2 hours. Each were for 2 week stays. I hadn't gotten a request since the fees went into effect.  One of the inquiries was from the UK and no fee was applied. The other didn't have a phone number and no info to Google him.", 
"Is that what you can see??", "The most recent change of adding a service fee to listings that “played by your rules” and signed up for BIN or alternate payment options, are now at a disadvantage to other owners in their listing area, that did not play by the HA rules, so no service fee appears in their quotes.", 
"Because HA lulled us into thinking otherwise.  Those emails from Tom were purposely sent to let us think that. Don't blame yourself or others on this site, we really do not have any power or control over this situation.  HA made their decisions and we have to go from there. What's done is done.", 
"7.79%", "So be careful what you wish for. For me personally, I'll ride this thing out and see where it goes. It wouldn't surprise me if they decide to kill the fee entirely … it's a terrible idea and the fallout has been brutal. But if not, and the day comes when HA makes BIN/HA Payments/Alt Payments mandatory for all listings, I'm gone. Poof. Not a second thought. There are several hundreds of thousands of listings that feel the same way. It's a big gamble on HA's part.", 
"My intention is to completely wean my business from home away as soon as possible.", 
"THank you for the link rinaldomoon.", " ", "My thoughts exactly, sad when someone gives you something for free and it is just not enough and you complain!", 
"vrdoctor wrote:", "yes I personally just \"wing it\" if that is what you prefer to call it. I called Sevier county trustee and TN state revenue dept (tax collection agencies) and asked them on WHAT I should collect taxes. they told me that on rent and any fees that I as owner collect (cleaning fee, pet fee, hot tub fee, reservation fee etc). of the mentioned fees I only have cleaning fee.  I will go by what they told me and I collect tax on rent + cleaning fee.", 
"State and county told me - on the amount of rent + whatever fees I charge (cleaning , pet etc). ", 
"I don't know of any states that assess any form of tax on insurance fees or payments, because those are highly regulated already.", 
"All in all, ABB was built on a totally different premise, for different type of owner and customer. owner who occasionally  renting out a spare room for a few days and making an extra buck (often bypassing the tax man). Owner who goes on a month long business trip and wants to rent out his apartment while he is gone. But he may not do it same time each year. Customer who rents a room or an apartment on a spur of the moment short notice trip.", 
"Except, ABB simply charges a fee to the traveler and a commission fee to the owner, not a fee to the traveler, a subscription fee and what amounts to a fee to the owner (the profit they get from the CC fees) tied to listing visibility.", 
" ", "Tom, ", " ", " ", " ", "“All animals [properties] are equal, but some animals [properties] are more equal than others.” ― George Orwell, Animal Farm", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", " ", " ", "Yes they do. I am not sure if H/A owns this or not but I got a call from a company called \"evolvevacationrental\" It's a PM company. I could swear the girl that called me said they were with H/A, VRBO.  I may be wrong maybe H/A can answer if they own it.", 
"I would not be happy.  Normally when someone contacts me using another site, like CL, I direct them to vrbo to book but not now. My last two bookings I booked directly using PayPal. I explained the service fee vrbo was charging. I am doing my best to distance myself from vrbo/HA even if it costs me more to do so. ", 
"The thought occurred to me that maybe they are milking the site for all its worth before it dies. It has been under threat from other successful sites, like Airbnb, which don't charge subscriber fees and are actually better and easier to use, ", 
"1.) Inviting the people to list their vacation homes on their site", 
" ", "Fees are coming up all over . . . . time for some pruning.   Go Ed Markey (he's my Senator)!  ", 
" ", "Wow that really stinks.  They are REALLY trying to aggravate owners now - its like they want us to leave ", 
" ", " ", "Basically HA removed any and all methods to remove a blackmail review (unless HA itself desires to remove it on their own).", 
"Head Housekeeper Comfort Inn (F)", "They tried to hide these stories until they came up with their own convoluted money making answer to the scams.", 
" ", "Perhaps another subscription based site will materialize and people will flock towards that site. But for now, all we can do is deal with this mixed up mess. ", 
"Yesterday:", "\"I dont think that thale or any of the other execs are enjoying any of this.\"", 
" ", "Friend request sent...", " ", "From 1995 to 2005 VRBO subscribers , as well as tarvelers, were very satisfied.", 
"Edited…", " ", "While the issue of HA being able to read things has been raised, members of the community may be interested to know that HA is able to read what you type in the box here in the forums before the button is clicked to post it. I often type a response, but then think better of it and edit, delete, or just abandon my typing. My words that may be no more than idle thoughts intended never to see the light of day may be read, and acted on, by HA staff.  To avoid compromising my source I do not want to be specific regarding how I learned of this, but will just say that I recently was informed by a source I consider credible of action taken that could only have occurred as a result of a person at HA reading an un-posted message, and I saw some independent corroboration of the action having occurred.", 
" ", "Is he doing it one at a time?  It wouldnt seem possible to hit so many owners with a manual approach.", 
" ", "Click on \"Renew Now\":", "Guess what just appeared on my listing…", 
"1. remove any links you have to VRBO or HA", "The statements you made in the OP are wrong.  All wrong.", 
" ", "12:38 Survey from HA", " ", "4) pay per booking remain at flat 10% plus above sliding scale fee.", 
" ", "I do not know the answer, but I do not see why you could not go to the commission based listing and then block off dates you don't want to book.  I am in a similar situation. My listing is up in May and I either go with a classic subscription or go with the commission based system. But since we are closing our doors at the end of the year, I have already blocked off all 2017 dates.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", "Insert words here about imitation and flattery not making up for lack of quality of product offered . . . . . ", 
"I don't have a mortgage payment so we clear about 10K a year. Another big plus is our condo is a real good parking spot in the summer when we go to the beach.", 
"annual gross vr rental income      $91,000", "But then again, HAXpedia doesn't seem to be making any good decisions at the moment. All they see are dollar signs", 
" ", "", "Do you see the problem with that logic?", "- people will rent the house they want to rent wherever they go online to look for it and they will pay a fee, if required; some savvy repeat guests will harness the personal relationship they have with the homeowner and contact them directly; I always send a thank you note to our renters and offer a 10% discount on repeat rentals or referrals; it has proven to be good business practice for me", 
"I believe I am being objective based on MY needs from HA. You are free of course to comment on your experience.", 
"He said, she said. So 1st they institute fee that drives travelers away. Then they pay a lot of moolah (or so they claim) to bring travelers back?  Makes a LOT of sense (NOT). And my inbox tells me that whomever they drive to the site become no more than window shoppers. Nice way to waste money HA.", 
"Tom when I do the math on these numbers it looks like the number of online bookable units is increasing but the number of bookings per online bookable unit is fairly constant.  Can you give any update on this metric?  Is there any easy way to give us a scorecard such as site hits to bookings per property?", 
" ", "\"Wow,\" I said, \"That sounds really complicated.\" He just nodded in affirmation.", 
"Similar story for me.  ", " ", "When the announcement was made that Expedia was purchasing HomeAway, Brian Sharples stated that HomeAway would be introducing a traveler fee in the second quarter of 2016 and that the fee was in the works at HomeAway before the Expedia acquisition.", 
"Our complex is 25 yrs old, well maintained, never 'run down', so a good reputation.  Most of the listings claiming to be in our complex are not. The name has recognition.", 
" ", " ", "", "I have my cleaning fee built in, but have a higher nightly rate for less than one week stays to offset the extra expense.  I've toyed with doing a two night minimum for the off season when people likely only have weekends, but would probably have to have a small offset fee for a stay that short.", 
"Yes, a crazy guy.", " ", "Thanks for the heads up!", " ", 
" ", "My analytics are looking the same post service fee implementation.  The market comparison has NEVER done better than my property until now.  I know many of the HA folks in my area and will be requesting a meeting to compare and discuss who in the \"market\" we are being compared to, especially when their analytics look similar.  ", 
"Unfortunately, what HA and Yapstone, its payment processor, fail to tell owners is that they are on their own when guests use a credit card.  Yapstone does nothing to verify the identity of the person using the charge, as you've now discovered.   Heavens, even my local gas station requires me to enter the zip code of my billing address at the pump.   ", 
" ", "I don't have nightly rates.  The majority of my bookings are Saturday - Saturday, 7 night stays, so I use weekly rates.  My rates extend about a year out and I haven't made any changes in months.  I did have to enter a Standard Rate to cover inquiries beyond a year out because HA was quoting them at my lowest winter rate, but the standard rate is the same on both.  ", 
" ", "Our peak season is approaching and this is when our calendars begin to fill up, yet my listing shows the fee while others don’t. I paid for a “gold” listing yet I am punished for playing by your rules?", 
"I also used RM and HA payments, and if HA told me that it would be $50/year extra for those options, I would have gladly paid. Those were supposed to be OPTIONS, nice to haves, if you want it. Not something anyone is \"graded\" on using and coerced into using. ", 
"$1,400.00", " ", "We are also in Panama City Beach, and feel just as dumb as you by putting all my eggs in their basket, doing exactly what you are doing, listed on VHR, Home Escape, put together a new personal web site, and upgraded our Facebook Page. Probably too late for this year but I don't see a future with HA/VRBO.", 
" ", "2) No.  I don't see any way it can work when a company has \"One million properties\".  I do like the Featured Listing option a lot since those of us who have seasonal properties can pay to bring more attention to our homes during high booking season but not take up wasted space, and funds, at other times of the year;", 
"Whats sad is your opinion that someone is complaining when they are only stating the obvious about the site...If your looking for free visibility try CL just beware of the scams....enjoy.", 
" ", "This may be a simpleton's view of the tax liability on the service fee, but here's how I see it. Revenue (on my lodging tax return and my federal and state income tax return) is the money I receive. Period. In this case, it is not the money paid by the guest. The credit card fee that is deducted, which I never receive, is also not revenue. So, Rent = $1000, guest pays $1090, credit card company takes 3% or so and deposits in my account $970. That is the number I put on my return. If I am audited, I show that I paid tax on $970, and that is the amount I received. (End of audit.)", 
"ambidextrous wrote:", " ", "The entire-home VRs that are often rented well in advance (and not just renting unexpectedly and occasionally), where owner is not sharing or occupying  the premises, but rents out  rather regularly and most of the time, and where it is not just a side thing , are not a good fit for ABB model. Your example is one more testament to that.", 
" ", "I also am not going to renew with HA/VRBO when my renewal time comes around (this fee was implemented five days after my renewal, but naturally, HA being what it is now, they have ended their prior refunding of the subscription fee if you decide within 30 days of renewal that you don't wish to remain on HA/VRBO).", 
"I see you have been busy on these boards answering many questions as I see you have answered other questions and have responded in other threads to other discussions.", 
"This is what I do - when a guest on FK commission or Airbnb asks me \"what is your rate?\" I tell them they need to enter their dates and pretend as if they are ready to book.  This will display my rates plus the booking fee that the site charges them (as I am not privy to that information).  Period.  I say nothing else.  No one has ever asked me for an explanation of the fees.", 
"Every freggin day, something is discovered more painful than the next. The rug is being pulled from under us. Owners made this company what it is. It will take time, but not many can stand for this. Not only do I have near zero inquiries and absolute zero bookings since the fee, now I learn about new ways the site negativey impacts my business daily and the multitude of ways my customers are led to believe I am possibly commiting fraud.", 
"Yes! Everyone! Community if full of posts about this right now. Seriously, pick a thread, any thread, and read all about it.", 
"Good (and entertaining points).  Hypothesis - they are trying to keep property managers in the fold and special deals might be available.  I can't imagine there are lots of bookings going through with two bookings on top of each.  That would almost be as much as the tax on a Florida car rental :-)", 
"I'll start. Our VR is in a high rise condo. There are very few if any rentals during the winter except maybe Christmas and New Year's.Rentals start to pick up a bit starting mid-March. Easter week usually has many rentals. ", 
"The tree also attracts hordes of robins in spring -- it would be called a \"worm of robins\" -- that often poop on my porches.  ", 
"Mr. Sharpless,  What were you thinking?", "2 possible bookings (I'm holding a cancelled week in August, and a far-out week in October).  It's iffy that both of these will play out.  Both asked why there was a difference between the quoted rate and the rate on the rental agreement, so I had to explain the service fee.  I referred them to HA's website.  Both asked if they could pay the rate on my rental agreement (minus the fee), rather than the \"quoted rate.\"  So, I stand to get \"dinged\" for the only 2 possible bookings that I MAY get out of this. ", 
"This needs to be bumped into its own thread. I remember when in one of the threads I asked thale what are they planning to do with PMs that don't have service fee. he replied that they will \"incent the property managers to play by the rules\". (emphasis mine). Notice they will \"incent\" the PMs, but are already  punishing the individual owners. mentioned that to Jeff Mosler yesterday, and he said he doesn't know about that and will have \"to research\" what was really said and why Tom Hale said it. Of corse I am sure the thread with original Tom Hale's replyabout \"incenting\" the PMs to play by the rules  is probably locked or deleted by now. ", 
"I think that in many business, \"simplicity\" works best. 20 years ago VRBO was instantly popular, and grew fast, in large part because it easy to use and understand, for both travelers and property owners.", 
"You have hit the nail on the head, ", "2.) inviting travelers to come vacation home shop and to ultimately book on their sites.", 
"The service fee is not optional for owners or managers and is not dependent on renewal dates of your subscription. The service fee is not a meaningful (substantive) change to subscriptions, because the service fee is paid by the traveler and not the owner.", 
"I must disagree. First the airline fees are completely different than the HA service fees by a 3rd party. Secondly, the fees are psychological (disproportionate) verses actual cost. Finally, I'm not an organized outliner with a finally by the end and arguments supporting each of my 3 points. I'm stating facts and giving examples to educate you on how things work.", 
" ", " ", "Yes I agree there are most likely many internal struggles at HA.", 
"\"Property listings should not direct travelers to third-party websites\"", 
"I had a traveler open a dispute complaint about not receiving their deposit back two days after the check was endorsed and cleared my bank. It still took a week for HA to rule against the traveler after I forwarded the cancelled check copy to Homeaway. All this stuff takes time and effort to accomplish and seems unreasonable. Any hint of extortion by a traveler in communications should allow the owner to permanently block a review. ", 
"Drs office Receptionist (F)", "I saw this too.  The woman featured in the piece booked her Florida vacation via Craigslist and wired money to the scammer.  I had this nearly happen to a guest of mine a couple of years ago.  My VRBO photos and text were copied word for word and advertised on CL...   a guest was just about to wire $$$ when a relative warned him that a wire transfer was a big no-no.  He found me on VRBO and called me to book.  ", 
"Steve", " ", " ", "", "Edited…  ", "Ok...I don't have a cute pic up for the group yet....but....", 
"I'm sick about these fees and how they're going to ruin my/our businesses.", 
"When HA acquired VRBO, about 2006, the site became more complicated, less user friendly, but core VRBo subscribers and travelers still continued to use the site and not look elsewhere.", 
"please see answer.", "If owners' ability to predict their rental performance, as has been possible from year to year in the past, is now disrupted, how can any owner make plans for the future?", 
"Yes, that is part of the Jive platform behavior.  You can confirm this by opening a reply window, and typing a response. Do not \"Add Reply\" or \"Cancel\".  Just type. You will note that the content was \"auto-saved\".  Then open another browser and log into the community.  If you try to type a response, it will ask you want to recover your auto-saved content.   The content will be the info from the other browser session.  Since browsers do not share cookies, the content came from the Jive (Community) server.", 
" Just as your annual subscription fee for property owners filters out the \"Craig's List\" risk of fraudulent listings to a high degree, you could implement a \"trusted traveler\" subscription for guests.  With this fee, you could eliminate the service fee for \"trusted travelers,\" offer variety of revenue generating services and provide property owners with a higher level of assurance they are getting an inquiry from a high quality guest (we would have access to the guest profile, rating and property owner comments).  ", 
" ", "HA figures that they can lose 99% of their inventory, and the same number of travelers will still come to HA and shop and buy (convert).", 
" ", " ", "2. Do not use calendar widgets that drives traffic to the VRBO HA brand", 
" ", "I should mention names, but I will miss someone and then I'll be in deep doo-doo.", 
"BUmp", "She will need the above information...YOUR FULL NAMEBILLING ADDRESS CITY STATE ZIP CODEPHONE NUMBER /CELL PHONE", 
" ", "But this was definitely not people looking at my listing.  This was a computer doing something.  I went from 211 page views for the month (although HA told me they show 77 - ugh.  1) the problem in the difference in their records and mine; 2) 77 page views in MARCH for a summer resort area???  So much for bringing us \"more travelers and bookings!\") to 453 in about 15 minutes.  Absolutely no way was that legitimate people checking out my listing.  ", 
" ", "I was surprised when I posted something new recently that it said it was a question and I changed it to discussion. I thought it was the other way around. Maybe if it sees a question mark it marks it as a question instead of a discussion.", 
"I suspect rather than embracing the fulcrum of the model, which in their case is over 1.2 million property owners that pay in excess of $500 million a year to list their properties, Home Away / VRBO executives are viewing their model as a simple \"Long Tail,\" (do a little Google work on that for a better understanding) and the belief that with a fragmented customer base, there will be minimal resistance to the methods they choose to use to leverage that tail. ", 
"It was likely not working out as someone thought it would when he was asked to moderate.", 
" ", "Small 1 bdrm VR condo (no mortgage)", " ", "The pressure to stop STRs in urban areas is increasing, not decreasing … and to assume it's a growth market doesn't seem very prudent to me.", 
"Thats my opinion anyways.", "They are also bound by the T & Cs of the HA site, but to me that is a separate issue. I could care less if they take out insurance, or anything else HA offers.  We have a security deposit which will be refunded to them less damages after their stay. To me, once they sign the agreement and we receive final payment, the reservation is in our hands and HA has nothing more to do with it.  I do not use the Hos App and send off our own check-in procedures and other info they will need for their stay.  If HA sends a request for review then it will be up to the guest whether or not to follow through.  We do not solicit reviews, so I will not push for a review.  ", 
"So for you, the public  outrage over the fee is hurting your business, where the actual presence of the fee is hurting mine.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "A particularly \"popular\" road for transforming a truck into an open air \"sardine can\" is Storrow Drive running along the Boston bank of the Charles River.  It's a restricted road - pleasure vehicles only.  ", 
"", "Retrieving data ...", "This will undoubtedly open us up to guarantee problems with guests stating dissatisfaction. I only have 5 star reviews, but I know Ive upset a few over their damages because I usually do charge them. Thankfully they disappeared thereafter. But now, such guests can say the entire stay was misrepresented. Whatever that means. A few of us are going to experience problems. This is the exact same reason I havent accepted booking on airBnB. Why would I want them in control of cancellation and deposit?", 
"here are a couple of articles that can clarify the timeline", 
" ", "According to Florida law:", "In the pro-forma for an apartment building prospectus, the pro-forma return on investment shows 10% to 12%, when in reality it would be closer to no profit in year one.", 
"", "I waive cleaning fee on 7 night stays. less than that, I cannot absorb it. with 2000 sq ft house and 3000 sq foot house to clean, the cleaning fee charged by my housekeeper is not easily absorbed. ", 
"I call vrbo.  they cannot help me.  I contact vrbo's \"trust & Security\" department to notify them that this guy knows their system better than I do and we have been using it since 2009.  I do not want this to happen to anyone else.  He is a PRO has probably done this before and will probably do this again.", 
"", "eCheck NIGHTMARE & HEADS UP IN PHOENIX AREA", "Observation #2 :  Looking at Views to Contacts (Contacts/Views), I'm at 0 because I have no contacts.  My market dropped from 65% (from 1.77 to .62).   So either views was up dramatically (highly unlikely), or contacts are down.", 
"I have seen many companies make mistakes, but not too many would view the graph clip shown below and keep up the same strategy that resulted in the fall from success.", 
"I Believe that VRBO takes into account the total number of THEIR listings in your market, as an agregate, and that is what comprises the \"market\" figure. Yes, I am guessing other homeowners will want to have some sort of Q&A to \"audit\" these figures and comparisons. Something doesn't add up. ", 
" ", " ", "", "Very nice - you are very resourceful to retain the URL!!", 
"", "So you are punished by ranking lower and I have been punished by having a higher quote. ", 
"$1,499.99", "I'm hoping that HA's latest A/B test will show them the fee is a disaster and should be discarded. If they wanted to do a truly accurate A/B test, they would be comparing the number of bookings on listings with the fee and listings without instead of just comparing HA-branded vs unbranded Service Fee . But for now, at least they're looking at it. Baby steps.", 
"Hi Greg", "I've excerpted some of the article, to place Mr. Okerstrom's thoughts in a bit more context.  The remark I note after \"and this:\" below appears to be critical.  Getting homeaway to DELIVER . . . .", 
" ", "What's sad is not being able to tell the difference between advertisement, and running a business.", 
"Okay, so for the second time in a row I did an experiment and lowered my rates for near-term rentals by 7% (same as the service fee) and I got a book in now request the same day.  ", 
" ", " ", "What every single screen shot with the new Service fee shows for me, and people in lost of places where fees other than insurance are subject to tax, is that HA/VRBO is either:", 
"I think owners' results with ABB will vary significantly depending on the location.   I have actually had good results with my ABB listing, pulling in several off-season bookings when I normally would be leaving the house empty.   ", 
"And, ABB isn't vague about what they charge or whether tax is collected.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "Hi Mike,", "well tHale was saying bookings are up after the fee. If that is true, then these bookings are going to someone. Since almost none of the owners here on forum see increase in bookings, the booking must be funneling to PMs.  ", 
" ", " ", "He was thinking this: $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$", " ", "If you wish to retain a record of particular posts, activate the delivery of posts to your email account.  While the number of posts can become overwhelming from time-to-time, it is very useful for saving those posts you wish to refer to in the future (or simply retain in case of deletion . . . . ).  ", 
"My preference is for a very basic site;  one which has property photos, rental rates, and the property owners contact information.", 
" ", "", " ", " ", "As a side note: IF Bill had paid money to the fraudster PM for trip, this is exactly the type of situation that the Book with confidence guarantee is designed to protect against.", 
"Very strange behavior on HA's part - first they are showing owners that platinum is worthless - so they happily give up $900 per year per owner in revenue.", 
" ", " ", "AAnyone feel like doing the reseach and see what ABb's review terms say?", 
"Waiter (F)", " ", "Over the years I have occasionally done \"special offers\" on both HA and Flipkey.   Not Once have I gotten a booking for my special offer, although I think a couple people who responded because of the special did book other dates at the regular price.", 
"Edited…  ", "", "Then they shouldn't be doing it.", "tomhale", 
" ", " ", "I have no idea if the most recent changes will actually cause property owners and travelers to significantly decrease their usage of the site. But I do know that", 
"I do appreciate the answer and the effort in researching this. However, in all honesty the answer makes me furious.", 
" ", "HA Support told me in a phone conversation that any attempt to avoid paying their new service fee in my headline, description, or communications might or could result in HA taking down our listing or dropping the position of our listing.", 
" ", "Does HA sell their email lists?", " ", "", "", "3. Build you own web site and always link to that and book direct, simply use checks and or other methods ", 
"Your video is still up on HA. ", " ", "why bump this year-old post?  It is no longer accurate -- Best Match has replaced Listing Quality Score.   ", 
"We would also like to confirm the reservation on the following information:", 
"5) $1500 annual subscription and no Service Fees are added, but the Guest still enjoys the Service Fee benefits.", 
"Anyway, it's ended, thank goodness, and my listing appears to be secure.  But do watch out for that.", 
"But my thinking is that in April they are going to eliminate subscriptions - just guessing.  I think that soon all they will have is one subscription level along with a commission based platform.  ", 
"I feel like I'm three years old.  Sheesh.", " ", " ", " ", 
"Annual gross on VR (last 3 of 5 yrs):  $39,000+", "annual mortgage                         $24,000", 
" ", "I thought he did not collect his moolah till Nov - time frame that he agreed to stay until? So maybe you are right, but still, overall, that's the gist that we agree on. Sharples's Potemkin Village has to stand just a little while longer.", 
"The one thing I do like about the booking service is the offering of Vacation Insurance. I however think that damage insurance (or whatever they call it) is worthless. I have a refundable $1000 damage & incidentals deposit (i.e. excessive electric bill/pool heat).", 
" ", "- a savvy consumer would price shop and book the home at the place where they find it for the best rate", 
"The truth is we each have a different type of home, guest and needs. Perhaps you have 52 weeks available to rent. I don't.", 
"I am getting tired of typing this, Tnoos seems to focus more on HA's \"spokesperson\" interpretation of things (or shall we say, reiterate the spin).", 
"I know that some of this data may be too confidential to give exact numbers but if you can talk about increases or decreases in the number of nights booked per unit or the number, etc it would be much appreciated.", 
" ", "And I kept thinking it was something really complicated.... until I hurried to write it down before I forgot it  . . . \"ID-10-T\". . . \"IDIOT\"", 
"I just had a customer want a breakdown of the fees and when I looked the response that VRBO sent there was just a single line item.  Come on thale let them see what they are paying for.  If they are as happy as VRBO claims to be paying for this assurance, show it to them.  Don't make us take the extra step to send the break down when it should be transparent anyway.", 
"If you have a cleaning service and an inspector that comes to check after each stay, you can use them to testify to conditions existing prior to a stay and use the photos of damage afterward.", 
"••edited••  the links I posted did not work, so I deleted them and reposted below..", 
"Most of our owners are long term, many owning multiple units, they tend to be 'hand me down' from owner to owner.", 
" ", "For HA everything is data driven, for me it's not. This is why they have their agenda and I have mine.", 
"7 cars parked during their dinner party of 12 additional guests.", 
"Oh, I'm sure it's not.  I'm not suggesting you lower your profit, just that playing with how much looks like a fee vs. rent can alter how people perceive booking the property, even when the sum total is exactly the same.", 
"\"Trust & Security\" took the information however was of NO assistance beyond that.", 
" ", "I was contacted by a Traveler during the time when the vrbo website was having problems and my travelers were unable to get their credit cards processed thru the site.  vrbo clerk said \"why don't you just have him pay by eCheck?\"  I said \"what is that?\"  he said \"it's the same as cash\".    ", 
" ", " ", "Tom was absolutely right that our Analytics page is valuable for the story it can tell us.  So you all might want to inspect your Analytics pages for recent changes.  On ours anyway, for all US listings, the views-to-contacts for March is now slightly up, while the contacts-to-bookings is slightly down.", 
"On this community, we have been strongly recommending to everyone who accepts credit cards through HA to require a photo id from the renter. It's easy for the legitimate traveler -- they can just snap a picture of their driver's license and send it to you.    Make sure the id name is the name on the card and is the same as the name on your contract.   And, ideally, if you welcome them in person, check the ID again and make sure the picture matches the face.  ", 
" What is a chargeback?  ", "$192 versus $106 is a BIG and very noticeable difference for nearly identical listings with matching rates.  If someone is searching by price, I'm surely loosing out on the higher one.  If this is happening on my listings, it's probably an issue everywhere.  That's why I wanted to point it out here - so everyone can see what a head-to-head comparison looks like.  I just want to know what is going on, but I'm admittedly wary of calling Customer Support or even using the Feedback tab these days.  I shouldn't have to come up with a \"work around\" for this.  I've gotten past being angry and annoyed, but I am feeling beaten down...", 
"Me, too.", "This is not about the fact that you are charging a service fee; this is about not equally applying ALL subscription listings with the same service fee.", 
"Lose, lose for us. Apparently win,win for HA.", "7.50%", " ", 
" I would like to compare notes.  Give me a call @ 334 714 0232", 
" ", "3) No.  I don't trust these companies at all. They are too big to care.  HomeAway has shown over and over it really does not care one whit about the welfare of its VR owners.  I also can manage my own property myself and in fact I don't want the VR Web site to do it for me.", 
"I Certainly hope that you are not implying that I do not know how to run my business. I have been doing rentals for over 26 years. Thanks for your thoughts though.", 
"And you have no guilt about stealing a booking from some PPB owner who was supposed to get that guest? ", 
"Homeaway and Yap are responsible for filing their returns on their income. If, if, I received the $1090 in whole and HA billed me $90, then it would be revenue that I would have to pay tax on. Of course, I could deduct the expense, but my state, would want lodging tax.", 
"This may be a simpleton's view of the tax liability on the service fee, but here's how I see it. Revenue (on my lodging tax return and my federal and state income tax return) is the money I receive. Period. In this case, it is not the money paid by the guest. The credit card fee that is deducted, which I never receive, is also not revenue. So, Rent = $1000, guest pays $1090, credit card company takes 3% or so and deposits in my account $970. That is the number I put on my return. If I am audited, I show that I paid tax on $970, and that is the amount I received. (End of audit.)", 
"1. Providing an inaccurate assessment of total tax due on the rental when invoicing the renter", 
" ", "Right.  But supposedly, owners were upset about the Service Fee (aka \"Traveler fee\") not because we also or already pay a subscription fee but because it, in and of itself, costs the traveler so much, over and above the rent, cleaning fee, etc., that we are losing bookings or being forced to lower our rent prices.  ", 
"Agree, HA has been inexplicably horrible to its paying customer, the owner.  But the REASON it has been is because it has been trying to move to the ABB model. That is my point.  If you don't mind it on ABB, why would you mind it on HA? That makes no sense to me at all.  The end result is the same:  HA and ABB control your business and property.  I am adamantly against that. ", 
" I'm asking sincere questions here to which I would like you to answer. I've lost 2 long term bookings since the service fee has been initiated.   I want to play by the rules, I really do... but you have to give me some concrete real answers that make sense to both my potential guests and me to make me want to play fair and by the rules and stick it out thru the transition. By not answering my question I feel as tho VRBO really just doesn't care, and is sending me the message of 'lump it or leave it'.   ", 
"The problem with Homeaway/VRBO is that so many are used to using the site so now they will question this fee.  New travelers to the vacation rental industry most likely won't question it.  Tom may not like my suggestion....but I would still reply that HA is now charging travelers a fee to protect against double booking, misrepresentation of homes, etc.  Tell them it is not your fee but if they wish to book through the site it is not optional for you to remove it.", 
"The people who can no longer afford our listings will book the misrepresented bookings, the ones that are less updated, less bedrooms, no pool whatever it is they wanted is no longer in reach. No one wins. Slowly they will begin to find other sites to use. ", 
" ", "u0999 wrote:", "Yesterday, our building manager let me know the owners of the unit above us are having both bathrooms remodeled, starting March 28. I had a wonderful 4 night rental of 2 adult couples, all around 60yo. Now, I'm refunding $1149. 4 months to have a project done with very few occupied units but they have the project start the Monday after Easter.", 
"I really hate that tree.  But the neighbor who owns the tree is the very best, and watches my property very carefully for me, so I say nothing.  I'd much rather have a great neighbor on good terms even if he comes with a nasty tree. ", 
"We cave too easily. The service fee fiasco has efficiently and all-too-quickly diverted our attentions from the Best Match algorithm injustices.", 
"This leads to a very good, related question:", "So I guess the fee only applies to owners????", 
"If the company which owns the site needs to make more money, they can raise their annual subscription rates.", 
"the forbidden fruit has been tasted, the genie is out of the bottle.", 
"If I were the marketing director of Airbnb, I would be licking my chops and formulating some homeowner targeted messaging that also communicates the lower service fee message to travelers. And I would get the message out now. ", 
"For a full list of our terms and conditions, click this link.", 
"I've studied the airline industry for YEARS, since before deregulation. Prices ebb and flow almost in a large cyclical nature based on competition. The competition these days with ridiculous fees are Spirit Airlines and Frontier charging $40 for carry on luggage on a ticket that only cost $40. However, if I were to book the same flight on Southwest with free luggage the rate would be about $200 or more for me and my luggage.", 
" ", " ", "For years and years the boss was proclaiming that \"no traveler fees\" is the way to go, and claiming that HA is an advertising venue and no more.", 
"Interesting.", "We believe in free speech, transparency, and clear communication. When creating a review, we ask that you stick to the facts. The best reviews provide constructive information that helps the community make better decisions.", 
"Police", "I was concerned about this being another black-eye for vacation rentals, but I think it came across more cautionary than alarmist.  They offered sound advice for avoiding scams and clearly directed travelers to the more reputable sites.  It appeared as though VRBO and airbnb were mentioned as an afterthought, but at least it was in a very positive light.  Funny there was NO mention of HomeAway...", 
"I have donated stays at my home to local non-profits with which I am familiar (serve on board, client, etc) and which I trust will attract guests I would be comfortable hosting in my home.  ", 
"tomhale", " ", "Travelers who want to rent a villa at $6,500+ per week are 1) not going to AirBnB and 2) are not going to click on an “Add to Shopping Cart” button to book the villa. They want to speak directly with the OWNER via phone and or DIRECT email. VRBO and HomeAway are taking away the privilege of Owners and Travelers to communicate with one another. They are allowing Property Managers to deal directly with Travelers and circumvent this process; however, the Owners – who own the property – are not. What is wrong with this picture?", 
" ", " ", " ", "property owners are now , for the first time in 20 years, becoming motivated to find and try alternative sites.", 
" ", "This is very puzzling.  Perhaps I don't understand? ", 
" ", " You, of course, would also have an abundant amount of information on that guest, and with that, be able to better leverage targeted advertising and services from the world of Expedia.  Guests that don't buy the annual membership, and with that disclose all sorts of personal information, would have to pay some sort of service fee that is presented much better than it is today.", 
" ", "HA mgmt doesnt care that the best inventory is leaving.  They dont care even if 99% of the inventory is leaving.", 
" ", " ", "4. Don't spend your time dealing with all the HA VRBO nonsense, focus on your rental on your own. ", 
" ", "But I will try:", "Carol, ", "Mr & Mrs Kelly StonebrakerAgronomic Street.,4/11 Kharkov 61009 ,Ukraine, ", 
" ", "May be something as simple as Expedia trying to run a program to show how much business has increased with the new fee and guarantee. ", 
"if you try that. please let us know the outcome. I have reservations with balances due as far as Nov. Listing expiration June. ", 
"Now that Home Away / VRBO is a part of a public company, its executives should check with Expedia's compliance counsel before making any adjustments to statements in a company sponsored public forum.  Our views as property owners, and managements statements that address those views are most definitely material, and need to remain in full context.", 
"When you own the shopping center that has all the stores you are in an admirable and strong position.  However, if you abuse that position, as I think Home Away / VRBO are doing, you risk creating an environment of \"resentful bondage,\" and that never works out well.  While property owners may feel there are few good alternatives today, we are already seeing the market react to create releases from the bondage, and the problem for Home Away / VRBO is resentful people seldom return for a second dose.", 
"And, in Mr. Hale's honor, and meant in the best of humor, without any disrespect, \"hope that helps\" . . . .", 
"Edited for clarity:  quality = lack of quality", "Net annually:  $27,000+change", 
"community annual HOA dues       $4,800", "Great points!", 
"yes they can show \"increase in bookings\" for time being - maybe simply because now they have strong-armed many  more properties to be \"online bookable\", and before those bookings were outside the system hence not counted by HA. At some point they will hit a plateau in number of \"online bookable properties\" because either a) everyone who could have been pushed to online bookable already there and b) some owners will leave altogether. At which point what we are seeing now (reduced bookings) will start becoming apparent to everyone else.", 
"Simple for me, NO signed rental agreement returned to me NO stay. Case closed NOT open for discussion with me from any site. I will repeat for H/A,NO signed rental agreement returned to me NO stay.", 
"That is because our businesses are different. Previously, we both had options to use HA to fit each of our needs. Those options still work for you, don't work so well for others. ", 
" ", " ", "I cant tell which are your words and which are from the article.", 
"In another post I mentioned that we look at Bookings per  listing which corrects for the increase in the number of listings. While the number of bookable listings is increasing, this is not a fixed number over a time period, and in a given time period (say, January 2016) not ALL bookable listings will get booked.", 
"The number of trucks running into overpasses has coined the phrase, \"to be storrowed\".   ", 
" Three customers were entering a bank as a robber was coming out. He had a sack of money in one hand and a gun in the other.", 
"Can the guest not hit details and see the breakdown anymore? ", 
"When the money is in our hands, we have control, if the money is in HA's hands they have control.", 
"Both links aren't working for me.  They both aren't available.", 
" ", "Rental charges or room rates include any charge or surcharge to guests or tenants for the use of items or services that is required to be paid by the guest or tenant as a condition of the use or possession, or the right to the use or possession, of any transient accommodation. Such charges or surcharges are included even when the charges to the transient guest are:", 
" ", "Actually they are a soccer team and the rest of the team would like to come for BBQ/pool making 22 in total. I hate that and usually decline more than 3-4 extra visitors. but i have no inquiries since the fee...", 
" ", "I did get him out of the unit eventually, at great financial cost and stress.", 
"I would never accept cash for any reason.  I did that once for a damage deposit and it really bugs me to this day as the renter could always claim that he gave me 1000 instead of the required 500 and then everyone is in a bad spot.", 
"I tell the traveler to pay using eCheck.  I am notified that payment is approved and has been transferred to my account.  Traveler settles into condo 2 days later.  Approximately 5 days later I am notified that the payment has been reversed.  I call vrbo.  They say he probably entered the wrong account # and they can see from the screen he has already entered a new one so don't worry about it.  I ask how they can approve payment and then about 5 days later take it back out of my account?  They say it rarely happens.  I ask how many days can they actually do this for?", 
"", "Travelers are obviously still coming to VRBO, but no longer making contact with owners post-fee - as shown so painfully in the red circle below.", 
" ", " ", " How does a chargeback work?  ", "", "thing is, the two #s do not match up. i'm not talking about off by a little; i'm saying current analytics page shows 60 page March views and old url page shows 208 March page views. both say1 inquiry and 0 bookings, so they got that right.", 
"Good!", "Something tells me the PPBs and PMs are doing ok though. Volume, volume, volume. The algorithm knows where the $$ is.", 
"$1,500.00", "Edited to add … stupid mistake. They can't test for bookings on listings without the fee because they never even see those bookings. They don't go through the HA system, so HA has no way to measure whether or not the booking converted. The only way to truly test it would be to apply the fee to half online-bookable listings and not apply it on the other half … and compare the difference. But that would be grossly unfair to the group in the \"with fee\" test group.", 
"Thanks", " ", "Retrieving data ...", "HomeAway and AirBnb sure seem to think you don't.", 
"Interestingly, though, people don't mind paying more in fees for ABB than VRBO, even when the VRBO fee is higher - because they get something in return for their fee to ABB, and it's anybody's guess what they might get with VRBO (besides aggravation).", 
" ", " ", "2. Not collecting and reporting taxes as required", 
"I won't take an \"unverified\" guest from ABB, and I really prefer one with several reviews from other hosts, so the travelers I get have all been model guests.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "foxandhound wrote:", "Your original post was asking about int'l fees if which I got a reply from CS (which I think is incorrect)", 
" ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", " ", "", " ", "I think one of the key differences between then and now is raising rates in never enough in today's business climate.  Now, companies must create new \"models\" to create ever increasing revenue.  It's not sufficient now to be successful, a company has to be constantly \"innovating\" to increase revenue, whether the \"innovations\" are warranted or beneficial to the customer base.   ", 
" ", " ", "If you no longer wish to use our services due to our current terms and conditions, you would need to deactivate your listing. To deactivate the listing, sign into your account and click on Listing Details under Account. On the Listing Details page, click Hide Listing next to the Summary. ", 
" ", "Regards,", "Now they are taking away our only tool for removing a dishonest review.", 
" ", " ", "Airbnb's default position is not to censor, edit, or delete reviews. However, we reserve the right to remove reviews that violate our content policy.", 
"Small business (M,  F)", "I see obvious scam listings on CL every day. Did HA ever notify owners of this? No.", 
" ", " ", " ", "From a marketing standpoint AirBnB tops anything Homeway/VRBO offers at this point. However, please don't disregard that there is a 50/50 chance of accepting a reservation request from an inquiry on AirBnB and not be able to find out a single shred of information that reassures the host they are making a wise decision in accepting their booking.", 
"Question: will platinum continue to get increased visibility over other tiers? Are you planning to keep the tier structure in place? ", 
"", "Ok...you don't have to send me a friend request here because PM has been disabled....so instead", 
"Retrieving data ...", "I did modify the booking requests - those three out of the last 10. And I will have to modify every booking request going forward, too.", 
" ", "The answer is yes...", " ", "Just curious.   Or is he hacking into HA's account lists?", 
" ", " ", "I respond to each and every inquiry within an hour - 100% response rate.  But I have a 70% decline rate, because I use my own reservation system, and show my calendar as blocked, not booked. I would say I have a 80% acceptance rate, for those are truly interested in booking and the fit is right.  ", 
" ", "AND your video is still up on VRBO.", " ", " ", " ", 
"6) If the above #5 wont be acceptable to HA/VRBO, then a $1500 annual subscription reduces the Service Fee to a flat 1% up to $100 max.", 
"Program malfunctioned. ", "I suppose the other thing you can do, is explain the situation to the guest…telling them that you are not canceling their reservation, but since you are canceling your subscription with HA, your are thereby canceling their final payment due thru the HA site.  Instead you will issue a request for the final payment thru PayPal.  Tell them that they should receive the request for payment thru PayPal 10 days before the final payment is due. ", 
"He needed the self esteem boost.", " ", "Best post of the day!", 
"I don't do FB and for some reason cannot post on the Yahoo forum - takes 5 days for a post to appear.  So I am pretty stuck with this forum.  I enjoy reading the AirBnB forum for entertainment.  For the life of me, I do not understand how these Millennials invite strangers into their homes to make a few bucks. ", 
"Never listed with HA/VRBO*", "prop taxes                                   $1,000", 
" ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", " ", "- thats what travelers do when they want to stay at the Marriot Times Square, for example", 
"You like online booking, I don't.  It is being coerced and punished for not opting in to features that I don't want.", 
" ", " ", " ", "", "Nope.  They are given this message in the email.", 
" ", "that's weird they were working just a minute ago....", 
"I will get calls/emails from people acknowledging I am booked for their dates, but want a referral to another unit in the complex.  So, I think the success here has more to do with the complex, than me!", 
"  b. Made by the owner or the owner’s representative to the guest or tenant for items or services provided by a third party", 
"Do I know if a traveler bypasses my property because I don't accept BIN? No. Do I care? Not so far.", 
"My parking is limited to begin with. Mid size guests can get 3 cars parked. I have had people ask if there is enough room for 5 cars. 5 cars for a three bedroom place. You need to put a restriction on parking based on what will fit and hold to that. Just remember if you say parking for 4 cars people will want to park 8. If you say parking for 5 card people will want 10. It never stops. The more you give the more they ask for and take.", 
"My VR is quite small, and my cleaning costs are close to yours, and would have been higher with any of three other options.", 
"eCheck is a worthless system that should be done away under the current policy.", 
" ", "He says about a week.  I ask him to send this to me in writing.  When I get it in writing he says he was in error and it is actually 14 days in which they can go back and remove from your account.", 
" ", " ", "Were these actually pure ratios, as theorized previously by scottr, one would not expect them to change so drastically as the month progresses -- especially when the data set is supposedly the entire population of US listings.", 
"You should be especially careful when the rental is last minute.  Typically, it can take 3-7 weeks for a charge card owner to notice a stolen card and report suspicious charges, so scammers usually use the card for a quick vacation.  ", 
" How do you prevent chargebacks? ", "I renewed (and drastically downgraded) both subscriptions recently, so I'm waiting out the storm.  In the meantime, I'll be getting a website and advertising elsewhere.  ", 
"VR, it may be updating every 24 hours, but we still only have 13 days completed in March 2016, compared to 31 days completed in March 2015.  You cannot compare 13 days to 31 days.  Well, you can, but it would not be very useful.  ", 
"We'll see if you get a response….the service fee is pure greed….the fact that some properties are showing it while others are not is completely unfair and stupid!", 
"I suppose PMs can generate volume, but PPB? I thought PPBs were used by people who only do a few bookings a year. Are there so many of those to generate volume? ", 
"$1,599.99", ". It wouldn't surprise me if they decide to kill the fee entirely … it's a terrible idea and the fallout has been brutal. ", 
"Mark Wrinn", "As Expedia integrates HomeAway, putting more of HomeAway’s vacation rentals onto Expedia and its other brands, and starts building up apartment rentals to better compete against Airbnb, there are a number of business model challenges coming to the fore.", 
"Anyone else getting this email from \"Homeaway Sales\"?  The images are clickable and take you to Homeaway, VRBO' and Vacationrentals.com.  The interesting thing is that this was sent to my \"old\" email that was registered with Homeaway before they made me change it.  (The old email was \"vrbo@mylastname.com\".  I received an email from HA stating that I was violating their copyright by using VRBO in the email alias.  The alias was for receiving emails only and I never used it to send, but whatever.)", 
"I was not judging you at all.  I was making the general observation I've made elsewhere - that VRBO used to be a LISTING site.  Over the last year or more they have manipulated their owners with a carrot and stick approach that set up both owner dependence on VRBO for basic business operation, and made them susceptible to having their advertising and inquiries grind to a halt with both the fee and with any failure to comply with constantly evolving policies.  They are not only a BOOKING site, they are a dishonest one, with a mixed up business model.", 
" ", "I doubt anyone here has a property manager handling their home, but the same should hold true... The property manager takes their 35% cut they file the taxes and pay on the full amount, sends you $600 or so, and you pay income tax on the $600.", 
"Homeaway and Yap are responsible for filing their returns on their income. If, if, I received the $1090 in whole and HA billed me $90, then it would be revenue that I would have to pay tax on. Of course, I could deduct the expense, but my state, would want lodging tax.", 
" ", "Agree, it may deliver some result for some people. but I still think the VRs are an \"afterthought\" for the ABB platform. Like Mike said, they hold your $$$. Which may be OK if you are renting one-off once in a  blue moon, but I would not like it for majority of my rentals. But the OP seemed to imply that ABB is a better platform than HA after the changes that HA made, and ABB can be a HA replacement - I am saying that ABB, to me, cannot be a replacement for HA because they just do not generate bookings, even if I set aside my other disagreements with ABB model. ", 
"Travelers are unaware of and could care less about what we as owners pay.  What we pay is irrelevant for this argument.  The issue is not how much we as owners are paying but how much the traveler is paying.  ", 
"I also disagree that ABB treats guests and owners respectfully.  Since ABB started out with this Draconian, controlling, dictatorial model.  I really don't care if they smile when they do it.  The fact is, they control my business, ei: how and when I may communicate with my inquirers, threaten to deactivate my listing if I cancel a reservation, hold MY money until the guest has checked in, etc.", 
"I would love to hear others on this forum ideas also... but before we all as owners start discussing, I'd like Mr. Hale to please advise first and give me his ideas? Thanks everyone, I do want to hear your ideas as I'm sure you are in the same boat as I am.... just really want Mr. Hale to respond first.", 
"It's not right for you to lose huge bookings due to HA increasing your rates....after all you paid them to advertise your listing, not jack up your rates.  And if Pay Per Booking listings don't release funds to owner until after guest check in....how would you even explain fraud protection to travelers?  The guest is already protected.  Do you say....\"well this helps to pay the salaries of a company that earned billions last year?\"", 
" ", " ", "well tHale was saying bookings are up after the fee. If that is true, then these bookings are going to someone. Since almost none of the owners here on forum see increase in bookings, the booking must be funneling to PMs. ", 
"Grrrrrrr!", "With apologies, I'm sure this is somewhere in the Owner's Manual, but I couldn't find it.", 
"Couple this with the new attitude many are adopting saying they would gladly pay more for their subscription to get the service fee removed, and we've played right into their hands. They are playing chess with our income and properties, and we're letting them win.", 
"Suppose a traveler finds you on HA whose cowardly named \"Service Fee\" raises your rates to what you have already proven is too high for your market, and that traveler says to you, \"If you can find a way that I am not charged the fee, I'll book with you, but if not, I'll book elsewhere.\" What do you do?", 
"I was told that if you click on preferred payment method, say, Paypal for instance, the fee is still applied. The truly troubling point he made was about the monitoring of owner responses to direct a traveler away from paying fees by taking a check or using paypal without the preference being selected. In other words invoicing to get paid outside of the HA framework.", 
" ", "two months ago, I am guessing that nobody on here listed their property anywhere else. Well, let's say less than 5% has listed their property elsewhere. ", 
"i am very, very, very, very glad I don't own stock in HA because the value of their company is about to nosedive. ", 
" ", "Let's also look at \"the friendly skies\" which I haven't flown on in years. Their ticket price might be more than $200 and they charge $40 (or whatever) for luggage. However, if you are one of their elite fliers, your luggage flies free. It's supply and demand. Yes, the airlines are profit centers. They are going to charge as much as they can and still have travelers.", 
" ", " ", "The boss sells out, and inflates his sale price based on proposing the opposite of what made the company successful.", 
"The HomeAway template has a place for:\" Learn more about this vacation rental at the owner's website\"", 
"We don't allow:", "Office worker (F)", "Does HA warn us of new phishing scams, No.", 
"I donate a week per year to a silent auction at an annual fundraiser/gala type event.", 
"Question: will platinum continue to get increased visibility over other tiers? Are you planning to keep the tier structure in place? ", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "Just got an offer from ehost for a today only special. 2nd website and free domain name for $1 month for a year. Domain name is fee for one year.", 
" ", "A very fluid magical best match, controlled by Homeaway, without explanation to owners, sounds like a plot in a horror movie . . . . the one where no one emerges alive . . . .", 
"If you're using any email system other than your own (such as HA's secure communication system), they own it. It's theirs and they can read anything they want.", 
" I'm absolutely amazed that you and Expedia have not executed what I see as obvious points of leverage.  You should know from the guest profile the most likely origin airport, and you obviously know the destination airport from an inquiry.  Why aren't you immediately offering these guests airfare options and rental car options?  Why aren't you working with national franchise and local merchants to present targeted advertising for high volume travel destinations?  These are just a few of the ideas that come to mind.", 
" ", "Even if only 1% remains, that is still 10,000 listings that HA can rotate around and create bookings.", 
" ", " ", "Do not feed the monster!", " ", " ", "my reason for bumping it is because I am trying to figure out when BMatch actually came into play. I'm doing some research here.", 
"Hope to hear from you soon ", "Well as I said it was just a random number ", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", "Powah!  Got it, gonna use it just cuz I can!", 
"Since I've done consulting work for hedge funds for a dozen or so years I've got a pretty good nose for what comes next.  In the short-term Expedia will print favorable results of this strategy on its quarterly income statement, and Wall Street may take the bait.  Smart insiders though will be selling, because they know renewal rates are declining, and once Wall Street figures that out, Expedia will transition seemingly overnight from the darling of The Street, to the dog everyone wants to sell short.  Doubling the pain for Expedia is the likelihood the FTC will begin to scrutinize its growth through acquisition strategy.", 
"They apparently just have decided to let owners' vent\" and wait out till our anger blows over.  ", 
" ", " ", "housekeeping                              $3,500", 
"All they see are dollar signs", "And for Pete's sake, I do not want hear them comparing HA to AirBnB once again. It is like comparing motor scooter dealer to a car dealer. They both sell modes of transportation, but their buyers, markets and inventories and margins are different.   It is not apples to apples.", 
"So if HA can send me an email with a very direct message about the service fee now, why didn't they do that back in November instead of hiding it in bottom of updates and labeling it as small.", 
"To even impose the fee PRIOR to making all listings online bookable, puts some owners at a disadvantage. The fee shows on my listing, but not on PM in my area and not on other owners that do not have \"alternate payments\" or online booking.", 
" ", " ", "If you could shade the article words or italicize them that would help.", 
"However when we look at the bookings per listing, we've seen a steady upward trend. For example, in January 2016, the bookings per listing grew 33%. This is very healthy considering that many hundreds of thousands of bookable listings became online bookable in 2015.", 
"No matter the warning signs, flashing lights, etc - trucks and buses get caught all the time. ", 
"He stopped, looked at the first customer and asked, \"Did you just see me rob this bank?\"", 
" ", "Who do you trust?", "just a sec and I'll post again let's try this again, I posted the ones above with the link button above, these I just copied and pasted... hope these work", 
" ", " ", " ", "Yes, I limit parking, out of respect for the neighbors and the home.  If you need more than one car for every 2-3 people on vacation, you're probably poor at compromise or handling interpersonal disputes - not an ideal guest.", 
"Just wont work because I have tons of competition. Like I said, no one will even look at my property because it will be filtered out on price search alone. ", 
"Please post on a new thread, using the person's full name, to help others avoid this tenant. If a common name, please also list the city & state where they reside.", 
"He might legitimately remember he gave me 1000 and I may legitimately remember 500 - who was correct??", 
"Meanwhile,  a few days later I am noticed again.  NSF.  Charges reversed again.", 
"HomeAway doesn't publish the raw numbers for market comparison, but by looking at the ratio metrics they do provide, the only logical explanation is that HomeAway is now providing 65% to 75% less inquiries to owners than they did before the Service Fee.  The few inquires that they do provide, are being converted by owners.   The trend is less dramatic (but still a trend) when you expand to a broader area, but quite clearly HomeAway has made itself a non-player in my market.", 
"We are all rooting for you to convince Expedia that the train must get back on the right track!  We are hoping you can open their eyes before travelers simply stop visiting VRBO.", 
" ", " ", " ", "I know how frustrated you are. But thank you for alerting me of this and getting me 2 new inquiries. Of course the inquiries could also be a result of putting an ad on Craigslist where I refer to HomeAway. You never know. You just have to keep trying whatever you can.", 
" ", "I believe the service fee is much too high for the return to guest, that is required to pay the fee, but HomeAway has the right to increase revenue, just as we have the right to set our fees ( both to the extent the market will bear).", 
"Regardless of why owners/PMs choose PPB, HA will make more money on each booking ... so those will always fare well in Best Match.", 
"7.25%", " ", "Retrieving data ...", "HomeAway for the first time has begun charging travelers a booking fee, bringing it roughly on par with Airbnb and TripAdvisor, while Booking.com has stuck to avoiding charging a fee.", 
"", " ", "I'm not sure why the alternative would be lowering prices versus marketing a VR as a sustainable business.", 
" ", " ", "There is also no indication they have complied with any applicable disclosure rules regarding flat fees inclusive of fee and taxes where permissible.", 
"air has a vr division where they will release the money 60 days ahead. So you can open your calendar for fill ins for 3-6 months ahead and get paid in full with no cancel.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "Wow, your rank and scorecard was affected and a pop-up appeared because you blocked out calendar time for your family?", 
"Could you add your thoughts on the new thread...", " ", "I don't think that is being inconsiderate, susan.  Those people have a right to remodel their bathrooms.  Inconsiderate would come in if you had sat down with them, explained you had people coming in for four nights, and asking them if they could delay the start of the reno until they had left, and those people said no.  ", 
" ", " ", "", "Susan", "We are constantly being offered products and services we do not need; and much marketing suggests we will have something awful happen if we don't purchase the product or service.  Why should homeaway be immune to this trend?", 
" ", " ", "If you need further assistance, please feel free to contact us again through our Help page at the link below. This resource also provides commonly asked questions and answers.", 
" ", "tom", "Its odd to see a company such as HA shoot themselves in the foot over and over again.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Pancake restaurant employee (F)", " ", " ", 
" ", " ", "Vetting guests on Homeaway is an insurance benefit I am relieved to have. Receiving an email, phone number, and full name is extremely valuable.", 
"Thank you for posting something. Haven't read the link yet but I am glad to see somebody from HA here. We've been kind of floundering in the dark and not knowing what's fact, fiction and rumor.", 
"Send a FB friend request to   Sammy Chloe    and then we can add you to the group", 
"", " ", "The reason for this is that VRBO does not have the functionality to correctly calculate the county tax that I am required by law to collect. The county charges the tax on the base rental amount plus the cleaning fee, but not the security deposit. There does not appear to be any way for VRBO to make this calculation. VRBO can calculate only a % tax on the base rental amount, but not the rental plus cleaning. I will be in trouble with the county if I don't collect the latter. I am not allowed to pay it myself. I am required to collect it from the renter. I must submit quarterly reports and remit the tax to the county. It also sends me an annual questionnaire about my methods of collecting the tax to ensure that I am doing it correctly and not paying it myself. The county has the right to audit my accounts.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Seems odd to me that he can hit up so many owners.", 
" ", " ", "I knew the acceptance rate would be displayed sooner or later.  I can kiss HA/VRBO goodbye!", 
"Wow, that message is irritating.  By contrast, take a look at the kind of message AirBnB posts: ", 
"So there is no vindictiveness going on here.", "Thanks to:", 
" ", "Best Regards", "yes.  I was just providing an example of when even $25 is too much", 
"I hate to be Capt. Obvious, it appears we need to explain to Expedia why (most) VRs will not fit into instant-instant hotel-style booking model, with no communication between owner and traveler, no vetting, and (possibly coming soon) last minute cancellations.", 
"The only issue might be is if they bought the so-called \"insurance\" thru the site.  ", 
"The trouble with T&C that require customers to respond in writing through the postal service but allow changes by the business to be noticed by email is that people often simply skim or entirely ignore emails with important information.", 
" ", "Agreed.  Adding a moderator, or HA rep, to answer questions and dispel the frustration and anger being expressed, might have worked if the \"improvements\" and \"benefits\" being implemented were introduced and explained in a reasonable manner.  By slipping these changes in place, without adequate notice (mentioning a substantive traveler fee in the fifth paragraph of an email is not adequate . . . . ), and not having explanations which ring true to users (multiple and shifting explanations have been offered), a moderator would have little to work with to assuage users' outrage.", 
"Edited…", "*...reason for sporting a big smile.", "annual repairs/maintenance          $2,000", 
" ", "No, it is not.  ABB and HA are all but the same.  HA is still slightly better at this point, but not for long. They both stink.", 
" ", " ", "- the company who has the most success will be the company who provides the best inventory, provides the best customer service to the traveler and who makes the owners the happiest (economics and trust will equate to happiness.... Most bookings, best fee, best servicing of the homeowner customer base will equate to homeowner consenting to list with the website); having a high comfort level will be KEY for the renter and for the vacation home owner; nobody wants to be burned, conned or left hanging", 
"Push my listing down lower because I don't accept these options, simply because my choice makes less money for HA, even though I paid for a higher tier.", 
"But the company has not seen a material drop in business", " ", 
" ", "", "View complete quote when you checkout on VRBO.com.", 
"That's true.  The only way the money is in the owner's control is if check, cash, or cashier's check were used.  CC and any transfers of money are reversible.", 
" ", "Any other ideas?", " ", "It's the \"forcing\" to accept only one method of managing my homes that I don't like, I don't believe one size fits all.", 
"And, yes, the max is listed in the lease.", "I hear you on competition.  Mine is in the thousands.", 
" ", " ", "I notify traveler to go into Management office and pay in cash or vacate the unit.", 
"", " ", "So clearly, either", "I'm sorry this happened to you.  You should report it to your local police.  ", 
" ", "Are they calculating average nightly rate by some particular formula?", 
"And for everyone who is posting their views, remember to make the market the entire US - not just your local area -- or state what your comparison market is.  ", 
" ", "Each owner is affected in different ways. I have my complaints, you all have your own. My personal complaint is not meant to diminish or trump any one else's complaint or problem.", 
"$1,600.00", "The fee will be rescinded when Mr Sharples reverses the $3.9 billion sale to Expedia that was predicated on the fact that HA would be successful with a travelers fee emulating ABB's huge rake.", 
"First read this and then is link to case study/research references early in article:", 
"At the same time, Booking.com is insisting on instantly confirmable bookings for vacation rentals as it tries to keep the process similar to booking a hotel online, while HomeAway continues to give vacation rental owners and managers a 24-hour window to vet guests before confirming their bookings.", 
"The email looks legit but I have been listed with VRBO for seven years and HA for the past two years.  Just curious to see if others have received the same email?", 
"What people are faulting Home Escape for is for being a listing site, and for not being a huge corporate monster with plenty of service people to answer calls, with answer that further confine the operation of your business..  But, if what you don't want is a VRBO or ABB style booking site, and lsiting site is your other option (besides total self promotions and SEO of your own sites).", 
"I think it depends. Maybe they do not mind paying a 12% on a $99/night place for 2 nights. they very much do mind paying a 10% fee on $249/night place rented for 7 nights. ", 
"Not an accountant.", "I doubt anyone here has a property manager handling their home, but the same should hold true... The property manager takes their 35% cut they file the taxes and pay on the full amount, sends you $600 or so, and you pay income tax on the $600.", 
" ", "georgygirl1955 wrote:", "If you were a traveler and saw that, on VRBO, you have to pay a $175 \"Service Fee\" on, say, a $2500 rental property, plus the rent, plus the cleaning fee, plus the pet fee...as many owners here have noted, you would balk ...but what the owner has paid to list wouldn't even enter your mind.  ", 
"In fact, IMO, it is ABB that has upset the VR apple cart.  Until ABB came along, there were no issues involving local municipalities, clamp downs, etc. But ABB caused that.  It's a lousy model, and ABB is HA's main competitor, so if ABB doesn't go away, neither will HA.  I would like to see both of them gone.  They've done so much damage to the private home VR industry and to we owners.  HA may be nastier about how it's gone about doing that, and ABB might do it with hip, smiling, friendly language, but the bottom lines are the same.  ", 
"Mr Hale,", "HA is fighting us to get this commission from our listings.  At the same time we are fighting for our livelihoods to not allow HA to lose bookings for us.  It doesn't matter much to HA, as they figure the traveler will book a cheaper place.  Yes, they may leave the site altogether.  But this traveler fee is expected to increase their revenue by triple of last year.", 
" ", " ", "I can guarantee that PM's rarely route their bookings thru HA's payment and fee skimming system.", 
" ", "I do not plan on renewing my subscription next month. I'm going to give PPB a try. Questions:", 
"Just wait for the new changes in April. Don't be surprised if among the new T&C's is an \"exclusivity clause\", essentially shutting down our rights to advertise anywhere else if we want to remain listed on HomeAway or VRBO. They won't have to \"buy\" competing websites. They will shut them down by default. No participants, no web traffic. Again, the chess game, and we're letting them win.", 
"My guess is that the official response from HA would be that you should explain and defend the fee, thereby losing the booking. After all, the traveler will probably find a less expensive place to stay. That way, they're happy to not have paid too much, HA is happy as they got their fee, and the owner of the now booked property is happy to have a guest in place. That's win-win-win!", 
" ", " ", "I am willing to bet that that percentage is much, much higher now.", 
"------------- ", " ", "Back in the day before non-refundable tickets, as change would cost $25. Then they dropped the price of a ticket from $600 with a $25 change free to only $200 for a non-refundable, non-changeable fee. This was a win-win for airline and consumers alike.", 
"From the description, Bill did not enquire about that property. I'm sure it's well within a competent hacker's capabilities to put a link in the email containing the quote which directed Bill to a lookalike VRBO payment site and even added a VRBO service charge on top!", 
"I believe that they are doing a whole lot more than \"shoot themselves in the foot over and over again\".", 
"Im sure the boss' videotape \"lessons learned\" speech doesnt help things either - where he shows how other companies have closed up shop by disrupting their own success too much - and then sells out based on repeating the same error.", 
"And the VRBO template has a place for: \"Links for more information\"", 
"Reviews are a way for Airbnb guests and hosts to share their experiences with the community. Any attempt to use reviews to force a user to do something they aren’t obligated to do is a misuse of reviews, and we don’t allow it.", 
"Military family (M, F)", "My listings also placed on CL, a savvy guest saw it and notified me. Now I check CL routinely.", 
"I would not donate a stay to any organization which I think might attract an event audience which is not in keeping with my \"standards\" for guests,  as (obviously) I can't screen the winning bid and deny the stay.  ", 
"Thank you for posting something. Haven't read the link yet but I am glad to see somebody from HA here. We've been kind of floundering in the dark and not knowing what's fact, fiction and rumor.", 
"Today:", " ", "Totally to the point. Thank you.", "https://www.facebook.com/public/Sammy-Chloe", 
" ", "nobookingfeerehoboth.com is available. Should I create another site? If so, should the focus be to direct viewers to my original site or have another site with much the same info.", 
" ", "Again, am I missing something?  Are owners being asked to pay for the privilege of \"maybe\" receiving \"some\" bookings?  ", 
"When I worked for a large company, it wasn't unusual for them to cite a specific email as grounds for an employee's dismissal if it was sent/received through the the company's email server. Often, when they wanted to fire someone, they'd monitor their email for a few weeks and collect just enough examples to merit the firing.", 
" In addition to these ideas, you could also institute a \"trusted property\" registration for property owners that is an added subscription cost.  In addition to the cost (income for you), you could set out certain requirements (guest comments or maybe even a local agent that inspects the property).  You could offer this as a free service when you handle financial transactions for the property, and with that, the satisfaction guarantee that accompanies the \"service fee.\"", 
"Ok, let's solve this once and for all.  Is it this guy????", 
"HA doesnt comprehend the obvious fact that travelers will leave as inventory leaves.  HA feels that they control the marketplace and shoppers will have nowhere else to go.", 
" ", " ", "---------------------------------------------------------------------------", 
" ", " ", "if it bothers you, might I suggest you just skip on over it and ignore it.", 
"Kelly Stonebraker", "I Like #6 if it weren't for all the other problems and if they were starting from scratch (i.e. A year ago).", 
"Expedia, the most you can try to get owners to agree is 24-hour window for review, vetting and confirmation. Unless the property is a unit in a condo similar to 100 other units (no offense to condo owners) with Reception onsite to check guest in and verify their ID, you can forget your push to instant instant book and instant cancel.", 
"I think that would be an unwise move to do, as it will probably spook the guests by moving their payment to PayPal instead of HA.", 
" ", "What's sad is all of this could have been avoided, and with the correct strategy, both Expedia and the property owners that enabled the formation and growth of Home Away / VRBO could have benefited.  However, the evidence so far suggests that the executives don't understand how to leverage our opportunities for what could be substantially higher value for property owners and durable long-term growth for Expedia.  ", 
" ", "The Yahoo issue is likely moderation because you are \"new\"  The Yahoo groups all default to that and it gets lifted after a short while.", 
"Nice.", "insurance                                    $471", 
" ", "I thought he did not collect his moolah till Nov - time frame that he agreed to stay until?", 
"I think we all know the \"correct answer\" to my question.", 
"That is 75 % of listings in my area. My outrage has been largely that HA has created an unlevel playing field. ", 
" ", " ", "Show me the numbers!  My own experience, and the experience of almost everyone else here, is that there has been a material drop in business.  If there has not been a material drop in business, where did it go?  To the Property Managers?  Why did the reported statistics change overnight?   If HomeAway would provide the following, I would be satisfied and could make an informed decision on what to do next with my property.", 
"We do give you a good way to look at conversion relative to others in your analytics tool in your dashboard. It's a little hidden, but I'll share the secret with you. You can see what conversion looks like (and conversion = bookings/visits so it's a metric that shows the trend, which is what I *think* you are after. Here's how:", 
"The number had been increasing with the use of GPS.  It seems non-commercial apps will direct trucks and buses onto Storrow Drive . . . .  ", 
"\"Why yes sir,\" the man replied immediately.", "Yep that makes sense now. They have no intention of showing the guest the fee until the credit card is entered.", 
"And I don't trust the one that already received their fee and have nothing to lose.", 
"EX-99.1    Link to HomeAway, Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results and Agrees to Acquisition by Expedia, Inc.   EX-99.1", 
"It's possible it's the complex, but I bet your \"listing\" reputation has more to do with it. Do travelers hold your listing as the \"gold\" standard and take for granted all the owner's in the complex operate with the same level of service? ", 
"This refers to additional services provided to the guest resulting as payment to the owner, for example the guests requests a nail service via you or your agent, and payment is taken by you. If the nail service took payment directly, then the nail service, not you would be liable for tax reporting.", 
" ", "Ill go further here and say that if you need more than one car for every 2-4 people on vacation....you are probably having more guests over than stated. I think 3 cars should be enough for 5 women and 5 children. Most larger SUVs and MiniVans seat 6. These are cars that they are renting so of course they can reserve larger vehicles. They state that they need the extra car because different people are arriving at different days. I said, ok no problem, I just cant agree to 4 cars for the entire length of your stay. Especially when Ive agreed to 7 cars during their party. Meh!!!!!!!!!!", 
"There are those renters who will try to get you to lower your rates.  And there are those owners who will lower their rates.  I have found that those renters who try to get you to lower your rates (and you do lower them) tend not to be good renters. ", 
"Thanks.", "Maybe if each party gets signed receipts dated and all but it is SOOOO much easier to let the banking system experts do all that legwork and simply have the traveler deposit cash into my local bank account.  Then he gets an official looking receipt and I can check my account online prior to giving access codes to my house.", 
"Traveler says he is only going to pay per our agreement which was to use an echeck and furthermore he is subject to Landlord/Tenant Laws.", 
"Views to contacts fell from a high of 6% (with a rough average of 4%) to a current rate of 1.86% -- and the graph is trending south. So, formerly, in my market, 6 of 100 people would contact and owner. Now just under 2 per 100 contact an owner after looking at an ad. Whiskey, Tango....", 
" ", "     1) there have been some serious bugs in the analytics calculations that HA may or may not have now corrected (who knows?), or", 
"unfortunately, people using stolen credit cards probably also have fake IDs.  I cant believe they don't even do a name match.  I wonder if Paypal is better protected against this kind of fraud.  What could the local police do to help me?  All I have is fake information. In over 4 1/2 years on these sites I never had a problem.  Airbnb is stricter in validating guests so they probably cant pull this crap there, but I have had guests struggle with their verification process before.", 
"What to do when a chargeback has been placed on your account:", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", "However, including this service fee on my listing because I opted in to alternate payment options, while a listing that did not, is totally unfair.", 
" ", "$1,699.99", " ", " ", "Okerstrom said Expedia will encourage professional property managers to enable instantly confirmable bookings for multi-unit properties where the properties are very similar but understands that some owners and travelers “want the opportunity to spend a little time setting up who the person is, finding out a little bit more about the property through some back and forth … ”", 
"=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=", " ", "In your market that might be entirely accurate.  In the typical beach vacation spots, it's normally not.", 
"Lefty", " ", "They seem not to understand that they have converted their site from a listing fee or commission based advertising service to an actual booking site, which dramatically changes the parameters for doing business.  Then again, it doesn't appear that their customers notice or mind, which is more troubling.", 
" ", " ", " ", "My property in the past has always booked guests for longer stays. From 28-60 days. Mostly Canadians who travel to Maui to get out of their winter weather and enjoy the sun and sand.  The exchange rate right now is not good for Canadians---- not looking for sympathy in stating this-- just stating a fact--  when new guests and my previous guests come to my listing to book for their extended stay this is what they are seeing.  A service fee of $495.00 added on to their quote. I have already lost at least two longer booking due to the service fee. I can't even explain to my potential guests what exactly the service fee covers and why it is so high. Almost immediately they are turned off by this and go looking somewhere else to book. I am saddened by this especially for my former top notch guests.", 
" ", "I don't think that's accurate. Just yesterday, I entered a booking received elsewhere (still only four inquiries and no bookings from HA since the fee) and nothing like that popped up and I wasn't \"punished\" in any discernible way.", 
"Credit card fees and rates", " ", "We all really do need to work together better, consider each other's needs, and if we can work around things to make life easier for someone else, why not do so?", 
" ", " ", "mike-dfv wrote:", "I think that you need to be careful on how you word anything in your listing.  HA does have software that searches for words and phrases.  HA has told me that taking a guest offsite to \"avoid\" fees may potentially be a problem.  However he did not see a problem with offering DISCOUNTED rates by booking direct with an owner.", 
"As someone noted, buy a new appliance, better get an extended warranty.  Buy an airline ticket, better get insurance.  Rent a car, better get insurance.  All of these products and services should stand on their own without requiring additional expenditure for generally useless add-on \"services\" that often fall far short of protecting the consumer when needed . . . . ", 
" ", "I'm getting very annoyed by so many suggesting that ABB is an alternative to HomeAway/VRBO.  It is not.  HA is modeling its new practices after ABB!  If you don't like what HA is doing, then ABB is absolutely the last place to turn to because it is no different, and in fact at this point, it's still slightly worse in that it has the no-communication policy, which HA still does not but will soon.  Indeed, HA's traveler fee is slightly LESS than ABB's.  So if you are hating the Service Fee cost to travelers, why would you direct them to a site that has a higher fee for them?  The traveler does not know, or care, anything about what we owners pay the sites, or not.  That is not a factor.", 
"http://help.homeaway.com.", " ", "Would VRBO really pay up, if there was no problem with VRBO and it was Bill's email that was hacked and he didn't even enquire about that property?", 
" ", "when I called today to complain, it was made VERY CLEAR TO ME that brian Sharples represents Expedia now and not HA. I've spent seven years building their business for them via advertising my home in Costa Rica for rent exclusively thru vrbo. I cannot tell you HOW MANY PEOPLE I have steered towards that company over the years. I have always paid for full Platimum listing and done whatever i could to do my part. I feel used. ", 
" ", "This also means that:", " ", "Why aren't we as owners getting more from HA?", 
" ", "Totally to the point. Thank you.", " ", "AirBnB's system offers you a vetting process with as many holes as swiss cheese. The lack of relevant information creates extra research, a game of second-guessing that reference info that's found is for the mystery inquirer, and the additional administrative time playing detective eats into administrative time better spent elsewhere.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "I can't find that group, am I missing something?", 
" ", " ", "When I receive a book it request, I explain the issue, send back the modified quote, and also conduct my due diligence on the suitability of the renter. The details of the rate and additional costs are also explained in two different areas on my listing, so hopefully the renter has already read and understood the details. These total costs are also explained in my standard first response email and also in the rental agreement, just in case we have a failure to read the details before. Once the renter understands and agrees to the updated amount, then I accept the booking, but not before.", 
" ", " ", "All great ideas, PROVIDED Expedia/HA actually intends to so SOME work to make it happen. from where I sit, they just want to collect the FEE while offering nothing new (of a substance) in return. ", 
"http://emotionsinart.com/", " ", " ", " ", "Notice that AirBnB finds something really nice to say about my place even though it's not very available for bookings -- instead of shoving me down in the search and posting all kinds of nasty warnings about how unsafe it is to book directly with me or how few bookings I accept.   Homeaway, notice that the carrot is so much nicer than the stick!  ", 
" ", "freebird, pshoto, mike-dtv, gymbeau, harborfields, jl11, susaninrehoboth, patpat, pearlyshells, sophie, mjanocik, sherin, ruthejp, tyann, sunnycs, larkobx, margaret, kalamitykate, kmaksic, and probably several others.", 
" ", "We've received two of these inquiries in the past six months. Thank goodness that we checked the community posts before falling for it.", 
"If I understand you correctly,   I think OpenEdge more flexible than you think.   I use OpenEdge    I do not have to process the credit card manually,  I can choose to issue an invoice where the guest logs in and provides his credit card or optionally an echeck.     Also I have no problem splitting payments,   although of course i need to maintain a spreadsheet to remember due dates.   Also refunding the damage deposit to a credit card cancels the fee for that part of the charge.", 
" ", " ", "That's actually part of the draw for the business in having that unequal communication format.", 
"They don't particularly need or want to understand our business.  Their business is their only concern.", 
"Adding a moderator to aggresively censor, and at times \"flip off\" owners' concerns, was not a good strategy.", 
" ", "Never listed with HA/VRBO*", "HA/VRBO                                   $2,700", 
"Actually, Expedia is seeing lots of red - loss of profits on all fronts.  Airlines have consolidated - there are VERY few choices anymore, little competition, and the airlines are no longer paying commissions.  So Expedia has been pretty much cut out of that industry.", 
" ", "Well I got it too. Unfortunately I can't read it because my email froze when it opened it and my email says it thinks it's spam. It doesn't normally freeze for spam.", 
"Those guys should all be pushed down 200 pages and this should be a benefit to you. Why do you pay for Platinum if not for the rankings..", 
"- the addition of this fee has just made HA achieve parity with Airbnb and other vacation home rental sites who charge a fee", 
"Is that objective enough for you?", " ", " ", "Yes, I lived in a dorm on the Charles River for 3 years right next to an underpass that was very low.  We'd have a truck - mostly rentals - get stuck just about every weekend.  ", 
"", "Look up online, CEO of Expedia and do a search. You will then understand.", 
"None of the listing/booking sites have anything to lose, just the owners.", 
" ", " ", "Hello! do you currently own and operate property in FL?", 
"Why does HA brag about telling us they have been transparent about the fact all listings will be online bookable by end of  year, but hide the service fee in bottom of routine email and explain the fee in one term, \"small\"?", 
"During certain times of the year our complex limits parking to ONE vehicle, those in excess are towed. We only have so many spaces, one per condo unit. You just have to be hard nosed about it and only allow a max of so many, don't make exceptions.", 
" ", "Susan, it's against community guidelines to publish full names.  But vacation123 could say something like Sally Str..... from Phoenix.   ", 
" ", "I cut off communication with him but receive a series of very strange, threatening emails.", 
"I like your graphs which reveal the truth. Kudos.", " ", "     2) HA is using some very novel (and undisclosed) \"magic math\" to arrive at these graphs.", 
" ", " Know your chargeback risk.  ", "I would rather not cancel the reservation myself for fear of it affecting my \"best match.\"", 
"I'd also like to note that the \"views to bookings\" figures have not been corrected for the increase in the number of online bookable properties over the past year.   So, when we see a gradual rise in the bookings/views market line (which I do see), it could be entirely due to the increase in the proportion of properties with HA payments (now it's 67%, in Feb 2014 it was 52%).  In fact, the number of properties with HA payments enabled has been increasing at the annualized rate of 63% per year since I started tracking in October, 2014.  The number of BIN properties has gone up at an annualized rate of 109% per year.  See the graph below to compare total listings (blue), BIN, and HA payments.  ", 
"My listing should not be a disadvantage to other listings, especially after paying for a \"gold\" listing.", 
" ", "6.97%", "I dont think that Mr Sharples will be giving the money back to Expedia anytime soon.", 
" ", "and this:", "", "If all HE is is a listing site, and it gets your rental some internet visibility where you had less before, what's the harm since you are running your own business and don't need (or want, likely) them to run it?", 
" ", "Sevier county and State of TN are in agreement, it seems. ", 
"Not an accountant.", " ", "air has a vr division where they will release the money 60 days ahead. So you can open your calendar for fill ins for 3-6 months ahead and get paid in full with no cancel. ", 
"So you say, No thank you, that fee is ridiculous, and go elsewhere. But why would you then go to ABB, where that fee would actually be higher?", 
"And as I said, it makes no sense whatsoever for owners to complain about the HA traveler fee if they're just going to send travelers to ABB but not complain about the cost to their guests if they come from ABB. that smacks of disingenuousness.  I care if my guest pays an arm and a leg and a ridiculous fee if it comes from HA but I don't if it comes from ABB?", 
" ", "If someone was taking food out of Tom's kids' mouths, I bet he would do everything in his power to fight for his kids.  He shouldn't be surprised we will do anything to fight for our livelihoods.", 
"LLucky you!", "Bev, welcome to the Community!  ", "Why would they?  PMs are going to keep all that for themselves of course.", 
" ", " ", "I just did a little math and realized Expedia reportedly paid 780 times gross revenue for HomeAway and VRBO. What they purchased was just a shell of a company. Without owner inventory, the buy is meaningless. Stand up for your rights owners. DO NOT CAVE IN so easily.", 
" ", "bump", " ", "and like they say, you can't put the genie back in the bottle. ", 
" ", " ", "What I see HA's service fees akin to is Ticketmasters. If a concert costs $40 and I have 2 people going, why should I have a $20 service fee PER TICKET plus a $20 handling fee per transaction. It is worth it to me to go to the concert with my friend for $80. It is not worth it to me to go for $140. If I can't go directly to the box office and buy tickets without the added fee than I'm not going to go.", 
"Hi there:", "I am wondering, just wondering, it there are not some internal struggles at VRBO/HA.  It is not unusual for companies that do a take over of another company to have a multitude of problems.  There are many decisions to be made and the question is, who makes the decisions and who approves any decisions that are made.  And we (the community) have not made it easy for them.  And I don't think that is soooo bad.", 
"If you are waiting for a response & a thank you from Mr. Sharples, do not hold your breath.  If you complain, Mr. Sharples does not hear.  He has made it perfectly clear that he is running the ship.", 
"Steve", "Whether you're a guest or host, make sure you follow these guidelines. If you don't, your account may be restricted, suspended, or terminated. By posting a review, you agree to follow the Airbnb guidelines and policies that Airbnb may enforce at our sole discretion.", 
"Most of these repeat, meaning I have several dozen probably of each type.", 
"we are not their customer remember? traveler is their customer. ", 
"I originally donated my home hoping to attract new renters (I prepare a color brochure to distribute to guests and I have business cards available).  It has not produced any new guests, unfortunately.  But it is a good fundraiser for the organizations . . . . ", 
"Retrieving data ...", "", " ", "EDIT....", "let me make sure the privacy settings changed so you can find it", 
"https://www.facebook.com/groups/1561970497463326/", "Need answer quickly. The offer is only good for today and I'm only Irish today.Meeting friends for early dinner. The corned beef and cabbage is calling. ", 
" ", "My listings have produced bookings, over many years, in a way which can be tracked and understood.  Easily understood. ", 
"They also had the admin ability to \"view\" what was on any and all employees' screen at any given moment, as long as they were logged into the network or server. There should never be a presumption of privacy.", 
"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!", " ", "HA only sees the DEMAND side of the equation (the travelers).  ", 
"Next click on \"Edit\"", "Before you quit STR, will you share your listing-ID?  We are all curious as we have heard so much about it from you and it sounds amazing.", 
"bobbie32 those S.O.Bs are incorrigible thugs. It won't be long until that yellow message shows up on my VRBO listing too, I'm sure. ", 
"HA is not combing over listings of forum posters.  I think that they have so many fires burning since the fee disaster that they are not interested in VR videos.", 
" ", "thanks", "On the most recent communication, we received their reply with the \"red flag\" buzzwords:", 
" ", "Hope this helps. ", "I would suggest a call to HA and discuss it before making any changes.", 
"How did I miss this, guys?! I am meticulous and on the site / doing my rentals daily. Today is the first time this Service Fee has been added to my quotes -- and I have received payment as recently as last week. What gives? Have you guys been getting dinged with this since Jan / Feb?", 
"Looks like they don't understand theirs either.", " ", "You really might want to consider FB, even if you only use your profile to create a page for your rentals.  I get traffic that way and you can also use it to promote your website and your listings.", 
"Care to explain? How have you gotten business? Why are you on this forum? ", 
"total expenses                           $38,471", 
" ", "When a public company is purchased, the payment is going to be made on the date of sale.  Sharples was a major owner of HA, so the value of his stock was received by Sharples on the date of sale.  This is his MAJOR gain in the sale.", 
"I spent years in sales and working with large corporations. My favorite line was \" We are here for you\" \" We are here to help you succeed\". Sound familiar?", 
" ", " ", "Secrets wrote.", "In the week before the Service Fee went into effect, how many (the actual count) inquiries were sent to homeowners and how many were sent to Property Managers.  In the week following the implementation of the Service Fee, how many inquiries went to homeowners and how many went to Property Managers.  I can do the rest of the math I need. ", 
"In your analytics, you can select your market comparison to be all listings in the US. That's always interesting to look at to see if you are converting well. If you select show last year and you select \"CONTACTS TO BOOKINGS\" the trend graph will show you the trend of booking conversion for the MARKET COMPARE which is the whole US. ", 
"I hate when this happens!!!", "The robber shot him. Then he turned to an older married couple standing there stunned.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "My refundable security/damage deposit is totally separate from my rental.", 
" ", "Have you thought of recording video testimonials from guests? Of course there is no opportunity to upload to the HA platform, but you could provide a link and/or host on your own web site ? ", 
" ", " ", "I let people know fitting more than 2 cars is difficult and street parking is limited and often not available. If they ignore my warning, they will either sink in the mud(had one person do that and had to get towed out) or get towed for illegal parking.", 
"When someone once persisted that I lower my rates, I told them:  \"Sorry, but this is not Lets Make a Deal.\"", 
" ", "And I dont like carrying that kind of cash around ESPECIALLY when stangers know that I am leaving my place with it (after receiving it from an unkown renter).", 
"Yes, a crazy guy.", "However, I disagree with the title to your thread. I think it IS BOTH Best Match AND the Service Fee which are collectively killing inquiries and traveler views.", 
"", " ", "Also, the cardholder only sees one charge, but to add insult to injury, Yapstone treats the rental and Security deposit as 2 different transactions so they can charge you a service fee 2x.  ", 
" ", "I do not know about PPB listings. On subscription, it USED TO BE that owner had to 1) refund (or not ) any money per owner's cancellation policy and b) cancel reservation per traveler's request . At least this is how it worked  - last cancellation I had to do was in Jan. ", 
"    ", "Well....whatever the response....I wouldn't expect anything other than more spin. ", 
"The problem is, it appears a LOT of us have complaints, which can't be a good thing.", 
"$1,700.00", "Stranger things have happened. Think positive VR  ", 
"https://skift.com/2015/04/07/how-the-vacation-rental-land-grab-stacks-up-homeaway-vs-priceline-vs-airbnb/", 
"", "Welcome!", "I threw mine up there when I first heard about it (on tnooze).  Nothing so far.  I also did not hear from them for a while, and then only via an email.  But I recently got an email from them - unprovoked - saying the issue had been resolved.  I had no idea what they were talking about, and I called the number on the email, someone picked up right away, and told me there had been a glitch in the system but that it had been resolved.  I had noticed, one day when I went in to check on the listing, that it was not my home that came up (on my favorites, defaulted to show my house).  this was the glitch she was talking about.  Someone else had notified her that my house and come up on their page, not their house...and so on.  Fixed now. ", 
"The problem with VRBO vs ABB is not one of overall cost, but of expectations not being met.  People go to ABB for better variety, more flexibility on options, and some security in exchange for their fee.   People go to VRBO expecting none of those things and generally expecting to deal directly with an owner and take their chances.  VRBO made the service fee worse by making it seem entirely like a fee for no return on investment for travelers or owners.", 
"Yeah, I actually think that this is one of those issue that one might liken to calling customer support at Homeaway. When you call a state department of revenue, you may get someone who is simply unschooled on the topic and the best answer in their opinion is to ask for the tax. I, myself, would find it pretty easy to defend why I did not pay tax on money I never spent, and especially money that is not included to the guest's accounting of the payment as the cost of accommodations. HomwAway's income is HomeAway's tax liability.", 
"Lefty", " ", " ", " ", " ", "Questions for you--- ", "YES!  freebird    ", 
"I Have never, ever, even once accepted payment outside of the vrbo system. I don't want to fool with it myself..... My personal preference is to not use PayPal, accept personal checks that may bounce, wire transfers, hold and return security deposits ....no thanks. Prior to me blocking two time blocks  for maintenance and family use, the circle was entirely green. The pop up is gone, it came up when I first checked it and was posed as a helpful tip. ", 
" ", " ", "Being a good neighbor is so important. I see less and less of it now.  I have wonderful neighbors on one side of me. They've invited my guests over to use their swimming pool, in fact. Their daughter has befriended tenants' kids.  But on the other side is a total dump.  It's an old house converted into three apartments.  the tenants in the unit right next to my driveway are disgusting, nasty people, and they've got junk and even trash all over the yard.  It is NOT what I want my guests seeing first thing as they pull into the driveway of the house they've rented!  I'm planting privacy trees there this spring.  It is so white-trash gross, it's unbelievable.  and I cannot imagine treating my own property that way, but someone else's????  Out of the question.  ", 
"Thanks, I hope this helps. ", " ", "", "Retrieving data ...", 
"We live in a world where \"innovators\" are constantly scheming to loosen our grip on yet another dollar . . . . ", 
" ", "I also wish owners would get it through their heads that the Service Fee is the least of the issues.  The BIG issue is that ABB and HA have taken full control of OUR properties and businesses and use our livelihoods as leverage against us if we \"don't comply\" and hand over the keys to our kingdoms.", 
"Thank you for using HomeAway, the world leader in vacation rentals, with over 1 million listings across our family of brands.", 
" ", " ", " ", "I dont expect any response. The proof is in the pudding. My page views have dropped significantly and I have had exactly ZERO CONTACT from potential guests since February 18, when the guest fee went live. ", 
"The owner's website is not a third party website. The two parties to the agreement are HA and the owner. They do not want travellers to be directed to their competitors websites which is entirely reasonable.", 
"If you think you've experienced extortion, please contact us.", 
"these are just few examples. hey HA, do you think all these people will shell out $100 or more extra for  your greed fee? These are not CEOs renting Napa Valley estates you know. Talk about punishing the middle class!", 
"Don't ask that question. You may not like what they are \"giving\" you.  1) taking over your rental \"for you\" 2) Charging more and more fees.  3) Lowering your rental rates, so they can make as much money as they can (that is what they just did to me)", 
" ", "Okay, first of all, let me take a bow for having, all along, been right about blaming AirBnb for this toxic brew of new policies, algorithms, etc. ", 
"I could not sleep at night if I did what your team has done to so many hard working owners.", 
"My property is not in a seasonal location where half the condos are empty 3/4's of the year. My neighbors are close to my property line, they live there full-time, upper bracket homes on acreage. Do I really care what support AirBnb gives me if I don't know who I'm about to rent my house to?", 
" ", " ", " ", "I would stick with original site and just put no booking fee etc in the page header tags (not sure what the rpper name is) but that's what google often indexes.", 
"I would be very happy to avoid these additional multiple steps if VRBO could manage to do the tax calculation correctly. Please do let me know if I am missing something, or if the functionality has changed since I last looked. Until then, I am stuck with this method.", 
" ", "I would say, yes, because they block my email address when I include it in an email that goes thru them.", 
" ", "I think he just trolls VRBO to see if he can find any takers.  I don't think there's a mastermind scheme going on.", 
"They are oblivious to the SUPPLY side (the owners).", " ", 
" ", " ", " ", "Yup pretty much all the regulars here helped me make my VR video what it is today - love it!!", 
"I have to agree with Carol. If you are doing research, why would you want to confuse people about something that is no longer relevant? I believe Best Match started in about November. ", 
" ", "But in no way does the deal with the service fee problem, it simply means you don't need HA payments,  which in itself is a good thing.  ", 
"IInstant booking will never be something that works in this industry, it doesn't satisfy either party... Research has backed this up. The owner and the renter must communicate in order for a booming to occur. ", 
"Yes, it might cause concern, but I believe in being open and honest with my guests.  I would also probably allow them to cancel with full refund if they did not want to pay via PayPal or personal check.  The subscription renewal amount will likely be at the lowest level between $350 and $400. So I would rather take the chance of refunding in full and then possibly re-booking rather than fork out $400 if I had no intention of staying with HA.  I also think it depends on the guest and how one might think they will respond.  If it was a closed reservation with no verbal communication, then it might be hard to make that judgement.  But if I had spoken directly with the guest and knew how excited they were to stay with us, then I would not hesitate to discuss it with them.  ", 
" ", "Well, they bought their competition.  They don't care much if they extract all the profit they can and let it die off.", 
"Whether any of the discussion on this, and other forums, will move Homeaway to shift course is still an open question, in my opinion.", 
" ", "\"ruthejp13: Care to explain? How have you gotten business? Why are you on this forum?\"", 
" ", "Hotels are going full-speed-ahead in an attempt to stop paying OTA commissions on most room-nights.  They are using loyalty programs, perks and upgrades to entice shoppers to buy on the hotel named website and NOT use the OTAs.", 
" ", "Too little too late. That is what they should have done PRIOR to the fee.. alas. I don't really care anymore, they will just feed us more BS, same talking points, I had a call with one of their leadership. Same old same old. bellyaching that their take is \"only\" 3% and ABB \"take\" is 7-10%. Boo hoo. cry me a river. A lot of ABB take is from $50/night rooms. I don't think this will be worth my time, not after what they have done, and the damage that has been already inflicted.", 
"Pm's do have to pay the fee.. Tom said that just the other day and today someone posted a PM asking people to book off site to avoid it. .", 
"- one could argue that travelers would be incentivized to look for vacation rentals on the site where they know they will  no fee or the lowest fee, but if those don't exist, they don't exist", 
" ", "You do know they will NOT tell any of us if there is a drop in business. Not good practice.  You tell everyone including the travelers past and future that everything is all good no reason to go anywhere else. ", 
" ", "I'll be getting one of those....", "", "It happens, sometimes things go wrong with guests. But it has always been at MY discretion as to how much I may refund a guest (if any at all) if there are issues. So now that guests have to pay with HomeAway payments, and pay the HomeAway service fee, they get this \"Book with Confidence Guarantee\". So now if a guests files a claim, it is up to HomeAway to decide if they get any money back? And how do they refund the guest's money? Do THEY refund it, or does it come back out of the payment the guest made to ME?! And if it is HomeAway's guarantee, and it has NOTHING to do with my contract with the guest, how can they legally take the money back from me?", 
" ", "HomeAway adds \"Traveler Fee\" for guests to pricing model -    Link to: Article -- HomeAway adds “Traveler Fee” for guests to pricing model Nov. 4, 2015", 
" ", "If not than back off commenting and interjecting conjecture on FL laws. Stick to your own state and property- stay in your lane ", 
"I have completely lost trust in HA. They say they want us to be successful, but even if I was satisfied with my personal level of success, they arent. There is only reason, my success is not important to them, only their success matters.", 
"I let guests know that I only have onsite parking for a max of 2 cars.  If they have additional cars, they have to park on the street.  I also let them know that especially during peak times STREET PARKING MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE.  So far, no problems.  If I start having issues, I'll start asking for driver's licenses.   Oh, actually I did have one time when someone had a dinner party and their guests parked all over the yard.  I told them to move, and they did.", 
"Yeah, set a fair price and stick with it. In addition to what you say about guest quality, I'd add you make it hard for yourself to know the true demand for your place at the prices you've set if you make deals for everyone (if you do it once, you'll get more and more requests).", 
"So, the e check option has absolutely no security around it?  Any traveler can enter any random account number and it will work just fine?  This is really horrible.  ", 
"", "I call vrbo.  they cannot help me.  I contact vrbo's \"trust & Security\" department to notify them that this guy knows their system better than I do and we have been using it since 2009.  I do not want this to happen to anyone else.  He is a PRO has probably done this before and will probably do this again.", 
" ", "VRR, oh, but they cannot. Not until after Sharples have collected his windfall from the sale and rode off into the sunset. until then HA must keep putting up the Potemkin village façade and pretend that everything is just up and up,  going great, and try to keep the doo from hitting the fan. ", 
"In either case, it should be painfully clear to each of us that unless and until their math is fully disclosed, absolutely transparent, and independently verifiable, any conclusions we (or HA) might derive from these graphs are little more than wishful thinking (or marketing hype).  As currently presented to us, these data are certainly not scientific, nor reliable in any sense of the word.  Caveat Emptor!", 
" ", "Thank you for that.  I havent had a chance to read it yet, but I did spend several hours on the phone yesterday with the department head of chargebacks at Vacation payments", 
" ", "The stats are reflecting my actual results, fewer bookings, fewer inquiries.", 
"", " ", "$1,799.99", "twobitrentals wrote:", " ", "We are going to be very focused internally on getting HomeAway to deliver on that $350 million 2018 adjusted EBITDA number” ", 
" ", " ", "I cannot truly be the judge. I have 3 bookings between my 2 properties via ABB. When I looked in my market ABB seemed to have about 250 or so listings. VRBO  - 10 times that number. I also think that ABB is making it conducive for the owners not to pay tax. In my market they do not have a line item for tax, and ABB \"help\" Q& A suggest sending the traveler taxes separately as \"special offer\" after the quote, or to collect them upon arrival. The latter tells me that ABB STILL operates on the assumption that I am owner living on premises and traveler is just renting my spare room., so I just meet and greet them an collect taxes. neither (sending taxes as a \"special offer\" or collecting upon arrival) is a viable approach. Cumbersome and not owner or traveler friendly.  I do suspect many owners simply forgo collecting tax if there is not a separate line item. I am not about to subject myself to being investigated for tax fraud, so I roll taxes into my rate (and say so in my ad) and INSTANTLY my properties are less competitive because price looks higher. With all that, getting back to OPs original post implying that ABB can replace HA since HA now also has the fee - it CANNOT for me, for variety of reasons mentioned:", 
"According to Tennessee DOR:", " ", "I don't know of any states that assess any form of tax on insurance fees or payments, because those are highly regulated already.", 
"Well that is certainly news to me. Where can I read more about this?", 
"AS someone here pointed out, the traveler fee at ABB was fine when it began.  It was really Millenials looking for a room to rent, in an occupied house, for $50/night.  So a 10% Traveler Fee would be $5.  That is a whole other scenario than the private home vacation rental, where rents are high, and 10% is hefty.", 
"Makes no sense to me.  ", " ", " ", " ", "I posted a summary of how the service fee works on this thread:", 
" ", " ", "Really? No replies from the Team?", "There were profitable under the old rules, and they can remain profitable. Expedia has advertising dollars that would make the collective revenue from this new service fee look like a BB in a 4 lane highway. Don't play so easily into their hands. Stand up for yourselves and what you know is right and just. Sometimes, it's not about the dollar.....it's about principle. I think most VR owners are indeed people of principle. The compensation received off of their VR is just icing on the cake for most. Let your voices be heard. Some of you are reading but never post here for fear of retaliation. You wouldn't be reading here if you weren't already hurting. Let your voices be heard. Resistance is NOT futile!", 
"My guess is that the official response from HA would be that you should explain and defend the fee, thereby losing the booking. After all, the traveler will probably find a less expensive place to stay. That way, they're happy to not have paid too much, HA is happy as they got their fee, and the owner of the now booked property is happy to have a guest in place. That's win-win-win!", 
"So I try to always anticipate the next move.", "thaxerlane,", 
"(Didn't they have some executive spouting these cheesy business terms during their strategy sessions? Lol)", 
" ", " ", "But let's get back to airline fees compared to HA. Travel agents used to get 10% commission from the airlines for booking travel reservations. If you went directly to the airlines, you did not get that 10% as a discount. Then the internet took over and it no longer cost 10% to employ agents to make the reservations, the computer did it for pennies. However, if I wanted my vacation rental to be advertised by a travel agent, I would have to pay that agent 10% commission. The difference is other models came out for vacation rentals where I paid a subscription fee for the pennies cost of online advertising. The problem with HA is double dipping and changing the rules while keeping subscribers' fees instead of refunding because they are no longer getting what they paid for.", 
"IF this was an \"owner identity compromised and impersonated\" (and that's a big IF, so I am speaking generally, not specifically about this case)) this traveler could be covered by the Basic Rental Guarantee which is capped at $1,000. ", 
"However, that could be why they are 'shooting themselves in the foot over and over again'. ", 
"Didn't ya'll get the notification of this change?  [Sarcasm]", 
"The  way you keep travelers from being directed to your competitors' Web sites is by having a better product/lower prices, i.e.: being competitive, NOT by command and punishment.  ", 
"Sounds like they gave it some thought at least while the new HA language has completely removed reference to extortion.", 
"You can simply add me to the same group as you well know. I may add police, general office worker, SMALL business owner/husband and wife.", 
" ", "I have not advertised specials on any of the websites I use.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", "https://www.facebook.com/groups/1561970497463326/", 
" ", " ", "One website is all that you need. The domain name should be branded..ie rehobothbeachhouse.com or whatever else might work for you. The branding is key to marketing. I have had great success with branding. All of my rentals are converted through my site.  I think the most important thing you can do other than brand is make your site fully bookable. Once you have them on your site you have a captive audience and the site content as well as the ability to book will help convert.", 
" ", "What I'm reading here does not suggest this will continue. ", 
"What if instead of choosing REPLY IN YOUR DASHBOARD, you choose REPLY? Doesn't it then go to them through your personal email acct  rather than through the vrbo system?", 
"This is GREAT!!!! ", "yes, not my type of art either! Thanx for sharing!", 
" ", "", "Are you interested in simply removing the \"this owner accepts fewer requests than average?\"", 
"On another note... pleeeease share with me what I'm doing wrong regarding Airbnb. I have been listed on Airbnb since summer of 2014. I have had only eight inquiries and only TWO bookings, both of which were lovely guests. I have ONE review and it's five stars. I have a 100% response rate. My nightly rates are not exorbitant. And yet I get almost zero traffic from Airbnb. I'm baffled and I have been hearing SO many people say they get all kinds of traffic from them; I just can't figure out how to create the momentum. Ideas?? Thanks!! ", 
" ", " ", "In late October, there was a rather lengthy discussion about Best Match. I don't think it was fully rolled out at the time, but (shockingly) HA did give a bit of a \"heads up\" on it.", 
"...\"due to the unsecured use of credit card or other online payment,we will arrange for payment inform of a check.Please do forward me the following details for paymentFULL NAMEBILLING ADDRESSCONTACT TELEPHONE NUMBEREMAIL ADDRESSHope to hear from you soonBest RegardsFreya\"", 
"RRC, and everyone else who has a scheme for collecting payments outside HA. You do realize (right??) that there is a ratio that will be closely watched. That is the number of reservations that are accepted through HA divided by the number of views and/or inquiries. IF you have people looking, but not buying through HA, you do not provide a good booking experience (as defined by HA). So, your rank will fall to the last page of the site. People who play the game by the house rules will be on the first pages.", 
" ", "I would discuss it with the guests and also send them the link: GUEST SERVICE FEES – Vacation Rentals Costs Explained", 
"Also, thanks for catching me up to date. Where is everyone going? AirBNB? TripAdvisor? ", 
"Now you tell me not to let someone else rent my property for me.  You should have told me that a six months ago!", 
"", "The proboards forum is simple and should be a good option once it catches on.", 
" ", " ", " ", "A very MINOR part of the sale was probably an incentive for some of the top folks at HA to stay on board for a contractual amount of time.  Sharples probably has an agreement with Expedia to stay on board for a year or more.", 
"Being in lower, slower DE strikes again. I didn't get the email. Maybe in another few days.", 
"BY your logic, the fee isn't a big deal, so what are you worried about? Your Canadian renters won't object and you won't have to lower your rate because of it.... So why would reading about it change anything, Mr Secrets? why are you here, verbally abusing people calling them \"morons\"? Very juvenile, I must say, Mr Secrets. Very juvenile. ", 
" ", "\"I don't like the fee anyone more than anyone else does, but Homeaway is still the best platform for driving guests to My rentals (my emphasis). When that changes and bookings dry up, maybe it will be different, but in the meantime, object fairly.", 
"Tell the owners \"GREAT NEWS! People really love paying the fee. WE have had a major increase in business and bookings since the fee started. We just love all our owners\".", 
"I pasted it in, so you can see the conversion to booking gains we've seen. That's the second screen grab, and the dark dotted lines are the last 12 months and the light is the 12 months before the last twelve months. So looking at February, you can see that the dark dotted line is consistently higher. ", 
"In preparation for those FABULOUS Girl's weekends at the Chalet.  No extra charge!", 
"\"Now,\" the robber said to the pair, \"did you see me rob this bank?\"", 
" ", "I collect cash on arrival and have guest sign an additional \"agreement\" (different from the rental contract) which spells out in details what has to be done/not done in order to get the full refund.", 
"Thanks...these are working for me.", "Honestly, our guests provide the best truth or consequence in the business. Whatever owner's are doing in the complex up the game. Many will say the small stuff doesn't make a difference, but my experience tells me different. Travelers are impressed with the level of detail and quality of amenities. Maybe it wasn't initially on their list??? but when comparing apples to apples it's nice to throw a banana into the mix ", 
"hill5185 wrote:", " ", "I say in my listing at one place they can have 4+ vehicles (no RVs or trailers), another - up to 10. I have a loooooong flat driveway, if they want to park 8 cars on it , I do not care. My properties are pretty private and rural, neighbors won't care as long as no one tries to park by the neighbors - and why would they?  I have plenty of space for the number of people my places accommodate. ", 
"I no longer respond to travelers request for a lower rate.  They get the same 'canned' email I send all my guests.  The dates are open, the invoice is listed below, check in/out times and payment info.  I have even had guests tell me they will do me a favor and rent my condo.  I have learned that the ones that always ask for lower rates are not the type of guest I want to deal with.  My rates are comparable, fair and my condo is clean and updated.  According to the tax laws in my state I cannot include taxes and fees with the listed rate.", 
"I am very sorry that this has happened to you.  Thank you for letting other owners know about this.  Even if we do not encounter this particular renter, it is very valuable for other owners to understand the flaws in HA's echeck system.  It appears that the only safe, viable means for an owner to accept payment for last minute reservations are by credit card or a wire transfer from the renter's bank account to the owner's bank account.", 
" ", "\"Trust & Security\" took the information however was of NO assistance beyond that.", 
"There is no measurable way they can detect how many ethical families they have offended and spurned from even seeking to book because of the offenses both of those key items have caused. Best Match will NOT put properties in the correct sort order.....so the potential traveler is left choosing from properties with no or poor reviews, thus leading them to believe that the best matches VRBO or HA now has to offer have certainly gone downhill in quality since their last online search encounter. The added Service Fee would be another offensive item which would drive travelers away. I would be offended not only IF but BECAUSE I knew what the Service Fee was being used for, purported to provide, and to whom it was being paid. How many different ways can you offend someone?", 
"u0999 wrote:", "Retrieving data ...", "I appreciate everyone taking the time to add their 2 cents.", 
" ", "I am not sure this is how it works anymore with HA changing the system, not updating Help section and changing \"rules\" on how they \"score\" you almost daily.  ", 
"Most likely Best Match is as much to blame as the new fee, no matter what... it's the results that count.", 
"Amen.", "What I know is, it used to be easy and seamless for me to manage the bookings (at one point we had three homes listed). I actually enjoyed the conversations with potential guests and happily answered their questions.", 
"6.78%", " ", " ", "At this point, indications are that they can TRY, but I doubt HomeAway will deliver, if this drop off in bookings and  exit of some owners/listings will continue. And indications are that it will.", 
"We are excited to see that you are interested in listing your vacation home on our network of websites: HomeAway.com, VRBO.com, and VacationRentals.com. Our job is to help you to make the biggest return on your investment with your vacation home! We can take the guesswork out of listing with us and help you complete the set up your listing. We can also share information specific to your property’s location  and send you free tools and rental contracts.", 
"Regardless, they have the model I like, where I control my own darn house and property. If it grows, great.  If not, no harm.  But i want to encourage sites that use the old VRBO model, and they have to begin somewhere, just like VRBO did once. If we don't encourage it, who will?  And if we don't, HA and ABB will continue to dominate the industry with their foul models.", 
"Why build the tax into your rate?  Why not add it as a fee?", 
" ", "Wow, I do sincerely hope anyone in the U.S. doing their Schedule E this way sees a tax professional ASAP.  End of audit is probably right, but not for any enjoyable reasons, unless you meant that's what is calculated as net after expenses and losses.", 
" ", "It might be 5% instead of 3% but most VR's can't afford last minute cancellations with refunds.  If you choose 60 days, you get paid immediately when there is no refund.  So if you take a reservation 10 weeks out, you get paid 60 days in advance because the cancellation deadline has passed.", 
" ", " ", "1.  How do I get these inquires to continue to the actual booking phase thru VRBO, with the added $495.00 service fee? Another way to word this is: How do I convince potiental guests that paying the extra $495.00 they will be getting something of value, that to them is worth $495.00?", 
"I just posted this and of course it was shut down immediately  ", 
"", "Service Fee facts", " ", "There should be no reason why you should lose that income. Those people can start the project after your guests have left or take care of things that don't include banging during those four days.  They should WANT to do that, in fact, and want you to not have to lose that income.  Seems easy to me.", 
"https://help.homeaway.com/category/Listing_Types", "Hear, hear", 
" ", "Internally if I was homeaway, I would be developing an algorithm to on a second by second basis adjust traveler commissions to take advantage of imbalances in owners pricing.  By tracking both traveler and owners behavior I would then taylor make a sort order just for that traveler making sure to show that traveler the property that would most likely convert to a booking.  Meaning that for example a less expensive property would always win out, so would a property with BIN, and so on.", 
" ", "No, we should not be happy if they lower the fee. The fee is the problem … not what it's called or the percentage.", 
"THAT is the real issue here.  The Service Fee is just one more element of that taking control of our businesses.", 
"Best regards,", "Wow!  Thanks for your opinion.  ", " ", 
" ", "Home Away, Inc. / Expedia are giving it's \"suppliers\" fewer reasons to continued this (ahem)  \"partnership\". ", 
" ", "After all , extortion is a crime! ", "NEVER HAD that multi millionaire rent my place. OH and by the way they would be the biggest demanders of a discount.", 
"My rentals were a heck of lot better when I didn't having anyone \"helping me\"  Now I am not or have not had any rental request.", 
" ", "Second, this is a dead giveaway, Mr. Hale:  \"They should take heart because the new conversion-based model means more travelers, more bookings, and more income.\"", 
"I dont think that thale or any of the other execs are enjoying any of this.  Would you like being forced to quash your best customers with a $500 fee to walk into the store?", 
"Yes, potential guest and I can email back and forth. Start perspiring in the meantime because you've got 24 hours to accept that BIN reservation or get dinged on your stats. I think I'd rather join a circus and become an acrobat if Homeaway adopts the same concept.", 
" ", "https://www.facebook.com/groups/1561970497463326/", "Click on the above blue font link and request to join.  I'm adding folks as fast as I can, so please be patient.  Thanks!", 
"I rely on HA to deliver 10%-15% of my bookings. The first year HA delivered 70%. Each year return guests and internet based searches have lessened my relying on listing services. Been doing this for 6 years now and immediately upon ownership setup a site to convert all bookings through the site. I am very glad that I did as the changes by the listing sites would have been very damaging. In reading many posts I can only offer from personal experiences that a fully bookable website branded with your unique name will help. If the site is just a static site without a booking engine you will not convert guests without some sort of contact. This lessens the likelihood  of a booking. Most of my return guests book without any intervention on my part. The keywords are really important when selecting a name and a domain name for your property. The keywords for the brand should be location based.", 
"I think it's terrible that you don't count these as book it requests. It means I will never get credit for accepting any online booking request, which lowers my listing in the search ranking, and ultimately may get me kicked off VRBO since you have a ridiculous emphasis on online booking. Even if I were to accept every online booking, VRBO would never see it as such.", 
" ", "Both will go through HomeAway.   If you look at the email when you reply, it goes to @messages.homeaway.com.  HomeAway's mail system  will read this email, mask your email and competitors names and then send a new email to the guest.  The only way to avoid this is to go to your dashboard, retrieve the guest email, and paste it into your mail client.    If you search, you will find a lot of discussion about how this works.  I'm thinking maybe two years ago when they rolled this system out.", 
"Actually, sad to say, I really don't care. The addition of the service killed my interest in Home Away/VRBO. Make all the changes you want, with the service fee my main goal is to separate myself and hopefully at some point not even use VRBO. If I wanted a service fee for our guests I would have saved myself subscription fees and listed with Airbnb.", 
"LOLOLOLOL", "They feel that they have built the monopoly on VRs, and shoppers will have only one place to buy, and owners will have only one place to sell.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Another error:  \"professional video\"?  I hope you didnt pay too much for the video.", 
"And also I have to thank all the folks who helped re-write my VRBO listing.  Especially anja, who single-handedly re-wrote it for me in its entirety!  Before that it was a hodge-podge mess.", 
" ", "I just replied using a bit of coy \"diplomacy\" that I'd like to share with this community:", 
"Hello mr. sharples,", "They may WANT for this to happen, but it never, ever will. ", 
" ", " ", " ", "Owners should continue to pursue other avenues for marketing and renting their properties,  This has to be our course of action.", 
"I have been a member on the Yahoo forum for probably 4 years!  I still cannot post without it taking 5 days for the post to appear.  ", 
"I am listed on TA/FK and AirBnB and for the past 6 mos. have received all but a few inquiries from TA and Air.  Prior to that, FK was king but it has pretty much fallen off the face of the earth in my world and it's okay by me.  So far I have just over 200 bookings for this year and I expect another 50-60 which will bring it up to the norm for a year.  Been self-managing my VR for only 5 yrs. and it won't make me rich but it's a little jam on the bread n' butter of my long-term rentals...and it's more stimulating than the LTR's.", 
"2 bed apartment No 2", "Shoppers are learning to avoid the OTA's also, as a reservation via OTA is treated as a second-class citizen by the travel provider.  For example, an airline ticket purchased thru Expedia with problems?  The airline will suggest that you call the OTA to figure things out.  Same with a hotel res.", 
" ", " ", "Secrets11,", "- the key drivers for the vacation home booking consumer will be the price of the home and the comfort and security level that they have with the booking (being as represented and if not that accommodation will be made to sort out similar accommodation within the shortest period of time and for the duration of their vacation, not just three days.... Do you want to move your stuff even once while on vacation? No.)", 
" ", "They can show an increase if only a hand full of people booked and paid the fee. It's pretty easy, Not true but easy.", 
" ", " ", "", "The truth is, there are some scammy guests out there. I had an AirBNB guest complain that our property was dirty... after they departed, and because of AirBNB's guarantee, the guest was given a partial refund. Since they already deposited the money in our bank, the refund would be taken out of any future booking payments we had with AirBNB. Which it eventually did. Now I know my property, my property manager, my cleaning crew, and I spoke with guests who stayed the day before these guests complained of unlivable filth. I knew it was a scam to get money back. But I had no control. With HomeAway, I always had control over it. So now I don't? ", 
" ", "Methinks they don't want them there. ", " ", " ", "Do I know they have cornered the market? Yes.", 
"Yes, I find out who many vehicles and get plate numbers. AND yes, they are restricted to the garage and driveway only, no parking on the street. However, I limit the number of guests to 6 occupants at all times....so that usually limits the cars to.", 
"629999 That's an awesome place you have there.   I know nothing about your area, but based on what I've seen you say, I think you have room to raise rates.  From what you say, it sounds like you book fairly heavily far out from occupancy.   Its all about price elasticity, you have to move the rates to see how it affects bookings.  Competition isn't everything.   Your place will attract people for reasons you don't see yourself.   Keep in mind you could raise rates and have more profits even if you get a few less bookings.   I'd consider charging for larger groups for many reasons(larger utility costs, more wear and tear, likely more cleaning, more risks in general and often increased ability to pay)(some people might lie, but not all will, I wouldn't worry about it much at first, just see how it pans out).  We rented a large cabin like yours once in hocking hills, ohio for our 10 year anniversary, it had 4 or 5 bedrooms and as many bathrooms, large deck, hot tub outside, whirlpool inside(it was nice to have a large place to ourselves(no kids), but we didn't use most of it),  so to me makes sense to pay less if its just a couple than a larger group.", 
"But HA discourages bank transfers because guests can be defrauded.  What is safest for the owner is riskiest for the renter. ", 
"HA will never kill the RM program as they were tired of giving more $ to Paypal type places than they are receiving in listing fees.", 
"I did get him out of the unit eventually, at great financial cost and stress.", 
" ", "Potemkin village façade", "I've been on Homeaway since 2011 and have always had inquiries in Nov, Dec & Jan. This year I've only had one inquiry from Denmark in Nov. My page views are down 70% since Dec 1st. I only rent seven weeks in the summer and I usually have most of them booked by Feb. So far my only bookings are repeat guests who specifically went to my page to rebook. I'm at a loss as to what to do. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.", 
"You can never do too much vetting guest, but the way I'm understanding it will be future before the end of the year. Did you communicate with them by phone before accepting? When I get a reservation request or BIN I google their phone number to see what information I can find. I also Google the street address for demographics to see what kind of neighborhood they reside. We have parking passes and armbands for access at our condo/resort so I mail those to the supplied address after the final payment. With all that I've said I am really concerned about a guest in May. ", 
"The short answer is ID's.  You have no recourse of a chargeback unless you have a copy of the ID of the guest.  It seems so simple but I have no idea this was necessary because I have never had a problem before.", 
"I don't believe so. I tried to have a guest cancel because the house was on the market for sale and I wasn't guaranteeing the home would be available for rent if it was purchased before their travel dates. This was in January. I had to cancel for them. The good news is that I still have a 10 out of 10 accepted booking requests.", 
" ", "Don't forget Mr. Sharples, you now own the distinction of running the most slimy company in the marketplace, as you are willing to shake down your clients' customers, even as you take money from your clients to advertise their property. You will certainly be in court defending this, but you are also a very unethical and disgraceful person.", 
"Home away believes that all the \"upgrades and improvements\" are implemented to help owners and make it more simple, but all I have experienced lately are more challenges to managing our homes, not fewer. All this for three times what I used to pay for my annual subscription.", 
"$1,800.00", "The unfortunate thing is this. First, there should be NO fee, but since there is one when it was rolled out, they should have made it mandatory for everyone. I am not upset that those that don't have the fee have an advantage, I am upset that I have a disadvantage. Seems that those that agreed to participate in the \"tools\" are now the ones that are being seriously \"challenged\". Oh well, we all know that life is not fair and this is just another example of working through unfairness.", 
" ", "EBITDA", " ", "They REALLY need to fix the search function option as mentioned above.", 
" ", "https://www.tn.gov/revenue/topic/sales-and-use-tax", "It is possible to educate oneself about many practices pertaining to operation of a short term rental propery.  Rather than viewing my knowledge and procedures as \"winging it\", I view my preference as striving to be self-reliant.  I immerse myself in all aspects of management of my second home.", 
"Afaik all states collect sales taxes on this type of sales.  Remember these are not actual \"insurance\" policies, or at least HA doesnt name them \"insurance\".", 
"I tell them, if the week gets rented, I will refund them the entire amount.  I don't like taking money from people I have not earned.  But I also do consider that it's possible/probably that the week did not get rented during the time it was booked by the cancelers, so if it doesn't get rented, I keep at least a portion.  Most people seem to really understand that, but I think they appreciate the offer of a full refund should the place get rented.  I can't imagine keeping even a dime in that case.", 
"Fact is, both these companies are terrible for the private home VR.  They want to treat private homes like flop houses, hotel rooms, or a room in an occupied home.", 
"As for coverage, I don't trust either of these companies as far as I can throw them.  I've read stories where ABB has come through with their \"million dollar\" promise, but those were very, very extreme cases AND they got national media attention.  How?  Did the owner have to go to the media to compel ABB to follow through?  Did ABB use those few examples to go to the media and get free advertising about how they came through for the owner? ", 
" ", "So very simply, I'm asking my guest to pay these outrageous service fees to protect them against:", 
"I'm not trying to discount your experience. Tom has posted that their is some leeway allowed and I believe him. In addition, my experience as posted above would confirm that. I wonder if perhaps something else caused the change in your status. Mind you, I don't know what. I mean, seriously, I can't believe that even HA would punish owners for using their own properties themselves.", 
" ", "I was looking for a place for my family on the North Carolina coast for a few days in May.  (Anyone have an 3+ BR oceanfront beach house near Wilmington NC May 19-22?)", 
"The end of March is when rentals pick up and continue through at least October so even if the contractors were willing to wait, it get worse and worse.as far as being disruptive to guests. They had 4 months that are ideal for noisy work.", 
" ", "I don't want to pay more with my subscription - I pay far enough already! And I HATE the service fee. It might be fine for people with high-end rentals. Mine is for working-class families who save up for vacation. A $100 service fee is just too much! ", 
"By golly, I believe Mike's got it.  What am I complaining about?  The wheels of the HomeAway bus keep on rolling.  No big loss if a handful of their (to quote Mike) \"best, brightest, and most committed\" owners get thrown under.", 
" ", "I agree that large companies are always trying to grow their sales revenues. But there is no reason \"complicated business models\" must be deployed.", 
" ", "I also wish owners would get it through their heads that the Service Fee is the least of the issues.  The BIG issue is that ABB and HA have taken full control of OUR properties and businesses and use our livelihoods as leverage against us if we \"don't comply\" and hand over the keys to our kingdoms.", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", "However, the book with confidence guarantee - which we provide when a traveler books via our site - would cover the total amount of the stay. ", 
"I taught organizational structure to grad students (they found it boring) and I learned that when the consumers have a series of problems, organizations can and do get very defensive as their primary response.  They rarely take the time to look internally at themselves and see what they can do to help the situation and/or the consumer. ", 
"\"HomeAway is not a fact finder and cannot be put in a position to determine the legitimacy of contributed content.\"", 
"This is he equivalent of a brick and mortar store telling its customers they may not go to the competition, may not tell each other about other similar stores with better prices and/or products, then putting up road blocks to the competitors' stores, then jacking up your prices, and putting liens on customers' paychecks as punishment if they move one of those roadblocks to get to a competing store.  ABB has been like this since its inception.  HA is now modeling ABB.", 
"I feel completely extorted by HA and have for a year and a half.  Their actions absolutely fit the description.  ", 
"Any and all of these can be my rentals.  However, the rentals with children are by far the most prominent. ", 
"Actually, they enacted many new access guidelines to prevent phishing and lots of owners we quite upset about it. It was a few years ago, but they did address it, as for preventing someone from copying your add completely and putting it on Craiglist would be impossible. Anyone can do that, and just change the contact information.", 
"Good luck, I hope you are able to fill in your calendar.  ", 
" ", " ", "Our homes are very different from each other, so the platform that works well for one owner might not work for the other. It's not necessarily the platform but the differences between the platforms.", 
" ", "", "", "Sorry I'm late. At that price I hope you grabbed it. Sometimes you want a domain just so no one else can have it. The domain you considered could be snapped up by someone else and used to drive travelers away from you.", 
"I do not understand what you are saying.  My county requires the bed tax to be applied to the nightly rate and the cleaning fee.  Thus, VRBO is set up to calculate this.  They do not apply the tax to the security deposit, just the nightly rate and the cleaning fee. They also do not apply it to the service fee.  Have you run a test to see how it works?", 
"Why are we staying on?  ", "Of course.  They have been mining data from correspondence, listings, and additions to your calendar, including the information you include about guests not booked though HA or booked through another site.  They used it to craft the Franken-Business model they have now, and all the enticements that got people here.", 
"I will follow all the rules set forth by HA as I have to date but working as hard as I can to become independent. ", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "PS: I am on the Facebook group too in case y'all feel more comfortable discussing this topic over there!   ", 
" ", "I like your video.  FWIW.", " ", "\"Dear Freya, Thank you for your interest. However, we will not be able to accept an international check (certified or not) from the Ukraine. Unfortunately, there have been many scam artists from the Ukraine causing many problems for owners. We apologize that the misbehavior of others will cause problems for you, but we must insist on credit cards from vacationers from the Ukraine. We assure you of the security of this website. Please submit your payment using the links for credit card payments on this website. Looking forward to meeting you. God bless you,\"", 
"I want to opt out of the service fee as a platinum level global bundle customer that paid over $1800 to list my home on your site. The service fee was not a part of the terms and conditions of the contract we entered into with you. I will accept the fee when I renew (if I renew) as at that time I would have to accept new terms. Until that renewal date in May, I don't want to pay you a fee or have my guests charged that fee.", 
" ", "I had this happen with FK. The guest booked a year in advance. We decided to put the house on the market after his stay and deactivated the FK account. Both the guest and FK contacted me to see if I was honoring their reservation when the guest freaked out because he couldn't find my listing. We did have a mailed signed agreement so he knew how to reach me directly. I think he was more confident speaking to me than when he spoke to FK.", 
"What advocacy groups are out there uniting owners? I would love to get involved. ", 
"Seriously, if HA is going to \"do the renting\" who will screen the renters?  Who will fix the prices?  What percent of the income will they receive.  How much will we get?  Who will be responsible for any damages or any missing items?", 
"Yes, and the proboards board should be a good general venue once it starts getting some traffic.", 
" ", " ", "property value:    $900,000 - ", " ", "Sharples couldnt care less if Expedia terminated him tomorrow - that is a very small part of the money he received.", 
"I got my March statement. Same day as others. ", "I don't believe that you have been on the forum \"for a long time\".  If you have been on \"for a long time\", you would have more than those two marks next to your name.  There are many, many people who have been on for a long time.  I believe that I have to point this out because you may give misinformation and people might believe that it is true.", 
" ", " ", "That's strange---because when I read the u999's comments it does show the site has italicize sentences.  ", 
"it's interesting to me that March is tipped up a bit and February did not go down. That's probably a law of large numbers as we're seeing so many booking requests go through our system that the small number of lost bookings is not perceptible at our scale for this graph. But it's pretty compelling evidence to see the whole united states.  ", 
"", "They were quiet for a moment, then the woman responded, \"No . . . but I think my husband did.\"", 
" ", "I do not charge a separate cleaning fee as this would give certain \"liberty\" of someone saying we paid for the cleaning so you deal with it.", 
"I feel this should have been posted online at sign in. The second quarter of 2016 is February?? ", 
"We're a \"wonky\" pink cottage built in 1949. Tremendous history. In this fast past ever changing world - it's nice to take a step back. ", 
"Hello! do you currently own and operate property in FL?", "Do I know I will have to make changes? Yes.", 
"I dont let people park in the garage because I had one person almost hit my water heater. They cant be trusted LOL", 
" ", " ", " ", "eCheck is a worthless system that should be done away under the current policy.", 
"Executives at HA and VRBO erroneously \"think\" they have been successful because their ad campaigns have driven \"numbers\" up. However, what they cannot and will not tell you is how many returning customers have they driven away.", 
"<golf clap> Well played, Farnsworth. ", "Just trying to get this posted in the forum. ", 
"t.lee wrote:", " ", "Not sure if they can do the cancellation online or if they have to call CS but if the guess initiates a cancellation the service fee is not refunded.  If the owner initiates then the fee is refunded but then the owner gets dinged and the dates get blocked out.  The calendar block is allegedly to prevent you from re-booking offline or to another guest, like what Airbnb does.", 
"Previously without best match, a traveler might at least see my listing and even if I'm booked, might keep it in mind for next visit.", 
"I seriously doubt that any of the \"decision makers\" at Homeaway monitor these sites BUT IF THEY DO....Yes.....The new service fee is surely excessive for a company that has seen huge revenues/profits in recent years.  I can understand starting with a 1 or 2% fee and increasing it incrementally over time but a 9% fee right off the bat.....REALLY?  There are other web-related platforms out there and many of us already advertise on free sites like Craigslist and can easily arrange to take checks in advance.    My vacation rental pays for itself but there is not much left after that in terms of profits.  I am on subscription and was already paying about 5-6% a year from my total rental income.....not to mention another 2.9% for credit card fees.  And now, they want to charge my potential guests another 9% for most of the short term rentals.  I have already seen a decrease in my bookings and am sure I'll see many more.  Had someone inquire about a 10 day stay and the fee was over $100.  I'm sure I'll never hear back from them.  They say that those paying by the booking saw a decrease from 10% to 8% for each booking but only say that those with subscriptions will see a \"price change\" soon with more news to come in April.  Does that include a decrease or increase in our subscription costs?  This is insane in my opinion.  I predict Homeaway will see a decrease in their annual revenues/profits in the years to come as a direct result of this decision.  The few times that I have had to contact them required about a 10-15 minute wait on hold until someone answered the phone.  They will rank right up there with Comcast and Time Warner Cable with their customer service in the near future as well.  One word.....Disappointed!!!          ", 
" ", "$1,899.99", "If only!    Trust me, they negated any advantage I had.   True I don't price myself out of the market by charging a service fee, but then again my Platinum listing has been nearly \"best matched\"  to such a low priority that I get very few inquiries.    So its basically blank'd if you do and blank'd if you don't.", 
"Research link to read whole study summation:", " ", "Please call us to set up a consultation with one of our dedicated account managers by calling 877-266-3657 or replying back to HA_Sales@homeaway.com. ", 
"If I can't search for my region generally ( Oregon Coast ), then how is any guest going to find me…even after they managed to find the Home Escape portal?", 
"We're in a VR friendly state, so ABB collects and remits the state and local tax on VR owner rent and fees as well as on their fees and then provides that information to the owner.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "2.  How do I explain what the booking fee covers? --- I have heard your answer in the forum that\" this fee protects the traveller from double bookings and that VRBO/HA will provide them a place to stay if this is the case\"  For me this is not an acceptable answer to give my guests. I am the sole owner of this property, this is my only vacation rental listed on VRBO, this is the only vacation rental I own.  For me to tell my guests it protects them against double booking, makes me sound incompetent and untrustworthy to do my own bookings and keep track of them.", 
" ", "I Don't know what else could have changed my status? The only thing I am doing differently is participating in this customer forum. ", 
"If you read through some of the other threads you will see that we owners are hopping mad about it. ", 
" ", " ", "I found this.", "mike-dfv wrote:", " ", "Sort order would no longer be sort order it would be relevancy, but relevancy would not mean what owners expect.  Relevancy would be based on making sure to maximize booking conversions not owners income. Like Google does.  Search for a vacation rental and all the homeaways and flipkeys come up.  Now you know that there are millions and countless millions of indevidual owner websites that are TOTALLY relevant to a search about vacation rentals but you can go on to page 300 and never see any of them.  Yes that is the kind of relevancy I am talking about.", 
"For example, a subscription based advertising site, such as VRBO in its early days, can raise its annual subscription prices. 15 years ago, from year to year I remember VRBO's annual rates going from $100 to $125 to $150 to $200 to $250 to $300  etc...., which meant VRBO was doubling its annual revenues within a relatively short period of time.", 
"A system based on collecting a service fee can not survive with unrestricted communication between travelers and owners. There's too much potential for leakage. Lowering the fee doesn't change that.", 
" ", "ScottHomeAway.com Customer Support", "I just had a very upsetting call this morning from a gentleman(Bill) who has been searching on VRBO for condos in our area. He has been searching for", 
" ", " ", "", " ", "AirBnb:   \"We believe in free speech, transparency, and clear communication.\"", 
"These are gleaned from FB profiles. Most little kiddies don't have FB profiles, they just come with parents or grandparents (above)", 
" ", "Good fundraiser and nice tax write off, I agree. I am very selective about the places I do it and only donate, as you do, to places where I would be comfortable with the guests staying there, I.e. Expensive high ticket price black tie galas. For Example, then $1250 a ticket fundraiser for the american cancer society. ", 
"This article, it is clear to me, is based on an interview with Hale or someone from HomeAway, or I suspect was written by someone from HA, or on behalf of HA..because of all the uproar from owners over the new fee and HA's Draconian and punitive wresting of control of our properties and businesses.  We have heard that statement too many times from Mr. Sharples, Mr. Hale, and other HA personnel to not recognize it as coming from HA.", 
"Think of how the employees of HA feel - they spent the past 10 years working hard to create a great company, only to watch one guy walk away with the cheese - and torpedo the company in the process.", 
" ", "We've started a closed FB group to discuss solutions to this awful fee that is being forced upon our Guests, which will likely hurt our businesses.", 
" ", "", "Retrieving data ...", "We had an inquiry today from Expedia. NOT VRBO or HA, Expedia. I did not know they were listing us already on that site. Unfortunately it gave us the same inquiry x3,so now if we ignore or decline 2 we will get penalized? What should we do with the two extra/identical inquiries?", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", "Thank you for doing this....it will make a huge difference for me in determining acceptability.", 
"nice try on his part. ", "HA doesnt see any connection between supply and demand whatsoever.", 
" ", "That is very simple to do.", "We have been on ABB for about 6 months and the only inquiries we get are from underage people. And the fees never seem to show up correctly so even the few valid inquiries we have had to go back with our actual rates which scares them off. frustrating.", 
"Its horrible!!!", " ", "There was also some tinkering/testing with the sort order last summer. It was popping in and out of random markets and I can't remember what it was called but there was quite a bit of discussion about here. Before the testing, travelers had a pull down menu of sort options. The default option was VRBO Sort or HomeAway sort - which was straightforward tier level-sorting. Other options were High-to-Low, etc...", 
"Hope this helps!", " ", "i want to win the lottery. Doesn't mean I will. ", 
"I called CS yesterday to ask this question and they stated that the listing will be hidden but payments, dashboard and tools will continue to work.  We are obviously not going to continue listing with HA so I will be putting this to the test when our subscription runs out.  If anyone else runs into this scenario please post and let us know what happens.", 
" ", "Screening?  Why do you need screening?  Your house is no different than, say, a Motel 6 room.", 
"Please explain,  proboards board is . . . ?", "The only reason I have a FB page is so that I can vet guests - period.  But other people have started FB pages for our ranch.  Two have been good FB pages and one was awful.  Then there is a YouTube video that I simply don't want to draw attention to…It drives me nuts that it is out there for the world to see.  ", 
"Why am I on this forum? (I assume you are not being rooo-d.) I am like many in the Community, interested in the tips and pointers of fellow VR owners in managing our VR business and investment.  This Community/forum is open to all, not just HA/VRBO subscribers.  I stumbled across this Community  over a year ago when I was looking to jump ship from FK and find another advertising site.  Alas, the rumblings of the masses about the ever-changing VRBO platform made me pull back the reins and I decided to sit on the sidelines until the dust settled.  It never did.  Plus that, I like to keep my money close to me and the exorbitant tiered fees everyone pays made my grandfathered subscription fee seem like pocket change.  ", 
" ", "I have learned that a car rental reservation thru an OTA is simply a REQUEST for a car rental, and the large rental companies are not actually reserving a car in the travelers name.", 
" ", "An another email with monthly statement and \"more updates\".", 
"Mr. Secrets (what an odd name, by the way) has a history of posts that you can look up. He is highly suspect to me. His historical posts have been within the realm of being an anti-Airbnb alarmist. His tone and his threats on here? And the stock photo that is his profile picture? They just make me think that maybe Tom Hale reports to him? ", 
"- research has shown that \"immediate booking\" or \"blind booking\" is not something that drives rentals in the vacation home rental market; again and again it has been shown that personal communication between the homeowner and renter is a key driver to booking", 
"So you're saying the Owners who are \"burning the ship\" should keep quiet?", 
"I did after he asked. ", " ", "Where do we sign up?  ", "THE LADY WAS FILLING OUT THE DATA SHEET FOR THE BANKER ON A LOAN APPLICATION. ASKED ABOUT THE MARITAL STATUS OF OF HER FAMILY, SHE FORCEFULLY STATED:", 
"I really feel HomeAway cares more about guests than home owners. If anything it should be equal. But all these changes are getting out of control. Especially since I pay the highest subscription level fee and the Bundle.... ", 
" ", "I might be in the minority here, but I feel that the changes that we have been exposed to are quite possibly working to everyones advantage.", 
"Once again I am swimming against the current.", " ", "Will HA be a part of those changes? Yes, but not exclusively anymore.", 
"When I was looking to purchase VRs, I specifically \"dinged\" any prospects that had anything important behind the driveway (the driveway runs under the home as a carport and a lot of year round residents put their AC units and such right at the end) for just that reason.  I don't want a late night call about the AC mysteriously not working....due to an SUV....", 
"737717 ditto", "And credit cards can be stolen.  ", "Hopefully they will fix some of the little bugs that owners would like to see.", 
"Please post on a new thread, using the person's full name, to help others avoid this tenant. If a common name, please also list the city & state where they reside.", 
" ", "BRAVO!!!!! Excellent post! ", "HA has changed their search methods, so some travelers might have a harder time finding your listing.", 
"....Also, the cardholder only sees one charge, but to add insult to injury, Yapstone treats the rental and Security deposit as 2 different transactions so they can charge you a service fee 2x.  ", 
"Not only can someone use a stolen credit card, but someone could use their actual card and make up a name for the reservation and when entering the credit card, so they could essentially stay at your rental then deny the charge and the owner has no idea of the actual name of the person who stayed.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "I can see my own page views, which is down slightly, but not significantly.  In any other month. those page views should have produced 4-5 inquiries, but have produced 0.   This tells me that travelers are still looking, put buying someplace else.  When HA says they are seeing increased bookings, they aren't telling the truth.  Elvis has left the building.", 
"As someone who has been in business for 13 years and Never had an issue with any guest or credit cards, I am appalled that this company had come to bullying all the advertisers that helped this company grow.", 
"At this point, the aggravation and jumping through HA hoops and wondering what is coming next, has become burdensome for the small reward in return.", 
"6.55%", "Everyone still list on and booking guests through HA companies. Everyone will be a lot less people, IMO.", 
" ", "What is EBITDA? definition and meaning", "Looking forward to hearing more about your vacation home!", 
"The best thing would be a map based search.", "I guess I am not in the state where ABB collects and remits tax. I do not see a line item for tax. besides, line item is a fixed item, like cleaning fee which is constant, correct? tax will vary based on number of nights etc. I do not see an option to do that given to me. Also note their \"pricing tip\" I am supposed to give away 3000sq ft 4 bed/4 ba custom cabin for $108 a night? SUUUURE. I do not see anything for tax", 
"", "It's worked well, and without need of attorneys or accountants, for twenty-five years.", 
"They are much closer to extended warranties, as they are optional and purchased at checkout.", 
"I hate greed.", "It's just not working.  ", "Sorry. Don't trust them or HA.  I think they have plenty of loopholes in place to get out of having to intervene in a conflict.", 
" ", "\"Internet Fraud\"  \"Wrongful Denial of Entry\"  \"Material Misrepresentation\" \"Material Non-Compliance\"   as outlined here in VRBO/HA Terms and Conditions  Terms and Conditions - Book with Confidence Guarantee™ from HomeAway®", 
" ", "bevjay - It almost sounds as if the service fee has come as a surprise to you. And perhaps not a welcome surprise at that. How can this be? HA assures us that owners were well informed of the coming of the fee, and its research proves the travelers do not mind paying more, and everyone will win win win with the new fee. ", 
" ", "I found out they don't rent so bothering guests is not their concern. IT's not a plumbing issue-it's a total remodel of two bathrooms. ", 
"Thanks, but that only says that I can go from sub to PPB, which I knew.", 
"[...]", " ", " ", "To grow a businesses revenues, complicated business models ,including confusing fees and policies, are not at all necessary.", 
" ", "THAT is the real issue here.  The Service Fee is just one more element of that taking control of our businesses.", 
"", "specific dates. He called me, and first asked if we had a property manager by the name of Stephan. No we don't have a property manager by that name.", 
"See the link here:", "I am concern that not only we, the owners, will pay (in many different ways), but the renters will also pay as well (in many different ways).", 
"HomeAway also is not a property management company, but it seems to have taken on that role with a vengeance.", 
"What happened to the \"free market\" and competition?  ", "", 
"I don't know what many of my guests do for a living. At one point I had three rentals, 2 at different price points.", 
"I have my property on Craigslist  to advertise and limit duplicate ads that would be false.", 
"I don't bother paying HA/VRBO for special offers.  That is such a silly idea of theirs.", 
" ", " ", "This is why trying to fit every listing into the same peg doesn't work for owners, it only works for HA.", 
" ", "link   https://www.facebook.com/groups/1561970497463326/", 
"anyone having trouble finding the group, send a FB request to ...  Sammy Chloe", 
"My listing shows that I have declined 10 out of my last 10 booking requests. This figure does not change regardless of how many booking requests I receive, accept, or decline. I contacted VRBO customer service weeks ago to ask what is going on, because it's clearly not correct.", 
"I wonder how a traveler found you on Expedia. There isn't a VR category.", 
"Again, am I missing something?  Are owners being asked to pay for the privilege of \"maybe\" receiving \"some\" bookings? ", 
"Hi there Community Folks:", "I wish travelers were required to have profiles which indicated age so all these underage inquiries would finally stop.", 
" ", "Oh I think they do comprehend. But remember publically traded companies only look no further than couple of quarters. If they can drive up bookings now now now (and show shareholders - look, we are making soooo much money), they just don't care what happens 3 quarters from now when inventory leaves and there is nothing to book. But seriously, I am sure they calculated up to 30% \"inventory\" loss at least. OR, conversion to PMs - hence THale pushing their \"partner\" Evolve. ", 
" ", " ", "AirBnB seems to have pockets of dedicated travelers -- the west, for example, urban areas nationwide, and, yes, the Millennials.  So, if your place does not typically appeal to those groups, you may have a slow start.   My ABB guests have been from California, Arizona, El Paso, Atlanta, DC, and NYC, whereas  my usual clientele is within an hour's drive from the Jersey Shore.   ", 
" ", "It does show up under the \"Video\" tab on your pictures at the top.  Are you saying there was a separate link in the body of your listing?  ", 
" ", "  ", "In as much as I have to have a State of Hawaii taxpayer identification number and pay taxes to the state of Hawaii for conducting business, I would like you to show me that you also have a taxpayer identification number and are not leaving the likelihood out there that my fellow rental owners and myself are responsible for these revenues being generated without the payment of the tax.", 
" ", "Please post. one of mine is up in July. ", "Thanks.", 
" ", "A free platform for people to start topic oriented discussion forums.  Someone started one in response to the VRBO fees.  It just needs some people posting and sharing.", 
"I can't figure out the yahoo group either . . . .", " ", "annual gross vr rental income      $145,000", 
" ", "What Sharples would be concerned about is the MAJOR part of the sale - that is the HA stock value that he received.", 
" ", "Well, it looks like your detective work has burnt this identity. I'll go back to running this company into the ground from the safety of my ivory tower. ", 
" ", " ", "I thought I just read a post about a second article re a possible class action lawsuit against Homeaway . . the thread has disappeared, or am I imagining threads?", 
"Of course, to get to the number of bookings, you need visits. Traffic is growing at a steady rate, so if traffic is growing (visits) AND conversion is increasing (as the graph suggests) then booking are increasing even faster. As we spend more money on marketing this will increase further.", 
"I had a renter once call me late one evening requesting that maintenance come immediately to fix the hot tub.  When I inquired as to what the problem was, they explained that the water level had appeared to be too low, so they had filled it to the rim and when they got in, the water had overflowed and flooded the sun porch.", 
" \"THERE ARE NO DIVORCES IN OUR FAMILIES - NONE!  I HAVE TRACED BACK FOR 150 YEARS AND THERE HAS NEVER BEEN A DIVORCE.  THERE HAVE BEEN SEVERAL MURDERS HOWEVER.\"", 
"I have stated very strongly that I will be the only one that decides if a guest should get a refund for something that went wrong.", 
"By spelling out how we expect the place to be left, people will go that extra step because most people want that money back.", 
" ", " ", "If not than back off commenting and interjecting conjecture on FL laws. Stick to your own state and property- stay in your lane ", 
"Will I reduce my subscription level? Absolutely.", "I go with what will fit in the driveway. No street parking is allowed in our community. We only have a one car garage and a pretty short driveway. Our max occupancy used to be 8 including a pullout sofa in the living room. We did originally restrict to 3 cars with one in the garage. However, in summer when people would drive (as opposed to winter when they flew and rented cars) they would have much bigger vehicles which wouldn't fit in the garage and 2 of them wouldn't even fit in the driveway. We now limit to 2 with a caveat that they MUST fit in the driveway without blocking the sidewalk. That's either 2 mid-sized vehicles or one large one. ", 
" ", " ", "Cash is one of those things that can be scary but in some cases....if you are getting a good \"gut feeling\" can be accomplished. I had some folks that really wanted to rent my place and were heading that way in a day or two. I explained to them that I didn't allow folks to rent under that short of notice because payment into my account usually took 3-5 business days. They asked if they could pay cash, I explained that I didn't live near the home and so that probably wouldn't work. After  them explaining it was for a death in the family....I asked my cleaning lady if she would meet them to accept the payment. She was more than willing and so it all worked out. ", 
" ", "If I were a returning traveler and was presented with the \"Best Match\" search result properties, and then additionally saw the added service fee, I would quietly back out of the website, and then start a web search for the website where the good properties went.......because it certainly CAN'T be HomeAway or VRBO!!", 
"Thanks Joel. I don't think people were getting it.  This time of the year, people often wait for the snow forecast. It would not be uncommon to get 5 inquiries in a day, when a good snow forecast is coming.  Now, crickets. The people are still going (80% market occupancy), but they aren't booking through HomeAway. ", 
"Don't worry.  Now that travelers are going to have to pay huge travelers fees to homeaway you are sure to get more bookings. You won't be able to count the money.  It's a partnership.  ", 
" ", " ", "", "Oh maybe there ARE increased bookings. remember those PMs that blatantly advertise on their listings how to bypass the fee, and HA does nothing about it? If there are increased bookings, that is who likely getting them. Not us. ", 
"We are retired and have the VR for supplemental income as well as a place for visiting family members.", 
" ", "$1,900.00", "I never opted in to home away payments or alternative payments. Instead I opted to pay a higher fee for my subscription rate and be pushed all lower in the list, that seem very unfair to me at the time. Definitely harder for me to compete when my properties used to be on the first page and now find themselves on the last page. And paid more for the privilege of being last.", 
"https://evercore.bluematrix.com/sellside/EmailDocViewer?encrypt=a999fa50-2f4c-4baa-9a5d-18b6f0d31dd7&mime=pdf&co=Evercor…", 
"while Booking.com has stuck to avoiding charging a fee.", " ", 
"I really do not want map based search because my properties are rural, on large lots. So if I reveal exact location what is stopping burglars from looking up my calendar and breaking in when property is known to be unoccupied? ", 
"", "\"The sales tax applies to the sales price, which includes the entire amount the customer must pay for the item purchased.\"", 
" ", " ", "you have to locate their new hidden vr division. Customer service will tell you it does not exist. It does.", 
"For starters, ABB actually does a service for their fee, beyond simply collecting profits and supposedly spending it on SEO.  And, they don't make owners pay $500 to have ABB decide whether a charge is valid, or talk about vague protections they don't - and in some cases can't provide.", 
" ", "3.  How to explain the  difference in a booking fee for a 30 day rental as opposed to a 7 day rental? What better coverage does the potential guest of a 30 day booking get for that a rental of 7 days at $126.90 service fee? Again, the answer of protecting against double booking is unacceptable.the $499.00 service fee than", 
"", "simce inception, I have accepted BIN, use vrbo payment processing exclusively ad respond within an hour. ", 
"Yes, I read the newsletter that included the four things that Expedia would be adding to our experience.  The last item was the 4 - 10% service fee.  I called CS last night and they are getting bombarded with phone calls regarding the fee.  I was on hold for one hour and 5 minutes before I got a rep.  She said that the good news is that the traveler is getting a benefit from the service fee.  The benefit was they would not be stranded if the reservation wasn't valid.  Big Whoopie!  This is a cash cow for HA, VRBO, and Expedia.  A deceitful tactic. ", 
"Many of the better rentals in the area are under the PM of \"Carolina Beach Realty\" (CBR).", 
"I Think it's very inconsiderate. Things like remodeling should be done in the off season. ", 
" ", "Before closing my last thread, susaninrehoboth posted:", 
"Dems da rules after all!  NEW RULES everyone!", "In other words maximizing my corporate income at the price of the owners and travelers.", 
"I absolutely agree, but unfortunately the corporate world does not . . . .  ", 
"Remember, HA's pattern of behavior has been to implement changes one-by-on (BIN, LQS, alt payments), building the system they want … and then … boom! Suddenly it's too late and owners are trapped.", 
" ", "", " ", "https://www.vrbo.com/info/ha-guarantee/travel-with-confidence", 
"I am wondering, just wondering, it there are not some internal struggles at VRBO/HA.", 
"TThey want their cake and to eat it too", " ", "Eyes bugged out and jaw dropped when I read this.  No, they don't!  Try sending your phone # or email address to an inquiry.  Try suggesting they find your house on a site where they won't have to pay up to 10% commission over and above a hefty VR rent.  ", 
" ", "Enacting new guidelines and showing us via email blast of the latest phishing attempt are 2 different things.", 
" ", "This, to me, smacks of the bogus 5-star reviews that suddenly showed up on that reviews Web site...at the same time the fury was in full force directed at HA over the service fee.  It made no sense at all because every single other review Web site has VRBO and HA panned, across the board, average 1.5 stars, from both owners and travelers.", 
"HA may soon be experiencing drastic revenue losses and the resultant layoffs that follow.  Those employees wont have a choice.  ", 
"Then heed this warning to avoid reading SKIFT on line today.......specifically, an interview with the guy who has been transferred from Expedia to HA as the new 'ecommerce officer'. ", 
" ", " ", "If you have trouble finding  Sammy Chloe   then it should be top choice at this link", 
" ", "So tonyha answered my question, but was unable to resolve the situation, and I have received no further information on this issue.", 
" ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", "vrrentcamera ... I bartered a week at my home in exchange for professional photographer to take pics.... smartest move ever. As soon as the pics went live, my bookings skyrocketed!", 
"I dont think that HA is looking at this as short-term vs long-term.", 
" ", "Pick a few dates that you dont want to rent out your place.", 
" ", "Your home is gorgeous, but the video is the opposite.", 
"Yes our video link was at the bottom of the page.  It's not that it's a huge deal but it's the feeling that HA is being punitive and giving extra scrutiny to those who voice objections to HA's recent actions that annoys me.", 
"When they started this testing (which I assume was an early version of Best Match), they removed any sort options. As a result, listings started appearing in bizarre order … tier levels seemed to be out the window, horrible properties floated to the very top. The one clear thing was that BIN/HA Payment listings were dominant.", 
"  ", " ", "I Want free hotel rooms from Expedia. i bet they don't want to do that! ", 
"Retrieving data ...", "There are several restricted facebook groups -- look for a posting by joan.l to find out how to sign up for one.", 
"See?", " ", " ", "I am sincerely sorry that everyone is going through this takeover/changeover and hope everyone recovers and finds a new niche of advertising their VR's. From the sound of things, people are doing just that and I will also follow suit thanks to all the helpful information.  I hope the 'bad guys' get what they deserve ~ a mass exodus of VR owners and a loss of credibility with travelers.         .  ", 
" ", "So OTAs are in trouble from what I can see and are looking for reasons to exist.", 
" ", "Traveler reviews only if you use online booking and an instant accept this guest option.", 
"Before anyone accuses me of working for HA, read some of my posts, Goodness, I don't like being Miss Goody Two Shoes, especially when it comes with defending anything HA is doing lately but here goes: Read community guidelines. Do not attack posters on this forum. Post ideas & thoughts that may be helpful to others. Ask questions on topics that you need help with or that concern you. If you don't agree with something someone posted, fine. Post your point of view. ", 
"- the addition of the fee to your home on vrbo in your area will not impact the rentability of your home unless your neighbors, with similar product, adjust their pricing downward", 
" ", " ", " ", "", "You may have heard that Hostess Bakery plants shut down due to a workers' strike. But you may not have heard how It was split up. The State Department hired all the Twinkies, the Secret Service hired all the HoHos, the Generals are sleeping with the Cupcakes and the voters sent all the Ding Dongs to Congress.", 
"However I don't see H/A backing their guarantee. I think it will be forced upon us to pay. Or they will simply remove money from your account. No questions asked.", 
" ", "I'm sure that the lead guys at HA (Brian and Tom) take this very seriously, and we should be giving them the opportunity via their actions to prove that we are onto a winner.", 
"I have a different view than the masses here.  Many people are building a website, bigger, better, more expensive.", 
" ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", "Sure, if you raise prices some people won't be able to afford it, but that's ok, you have some nice places that are not cheap to keep up, you should get the most out of the time you rent them out.   I'm sure there are smaller, less highend places people can rent.", 
"I'm starting to understand the need for some kind of ID, such as a driver's license or passport -- for both owner and guest.  I, however, do not have the skill to know if a driver's license or passport was fake.  And someone would need to meet the guests to make sure that the picture ID matched the face.  ", 
" ", "Thanks.", "That is true, it could be the combination.  Traveler behavior didn't change with Best Match, but it did change with the Service.  It could be the combination that caused travelers to leave the site.  ", 
"My market, that I used for comparison, is similar size rentals in the city where my VHR is located.  That city has 1800 HomeAway listings and 25,000 residents. So, it is a small community with lots of vacation rentals.  I see a similar trend as I widen the geographic area, although the actual ratio is smaller, the wider I go.", 
"REALLY!!!!  Should I call my bank and tell them to make more room in my account? ", 
" ", "People can initiate a chargeback for up to 120 days so hopefully I wont be hit again.  Very expensive lesson learned.", 
"Give HA benefit of a doubt and disregard performance of my particular property (blue line), according to BM I should not be getting views anyway as I am pretty booked next 2 -3 mos.", 
"I Suspect that the PM group may be seeing that bookings have been driven to them. Red Awning has press releases on their website that discuss their \"special relationship\" with HA that includes prime positioning, which is what I paid for with Platinum. ", 
" ", "It will be time soon to turn the house over to someone much younger, ironically, not due to the physical work involved, but the mental drain.", 
"$1,999.99", " ", "Love the writer:", "At the same time, Booking.com is insisting on instantly confirmable bookings for vacation rentals as it tries to keep the process similar to booking a hotel online, ", 
"", "I'm talking map based searches for general areas……NOT specific property points on a map.", 
"", " ", "You are most welcome to consult professionals, of course.  ", 
"Is there any reason to think that these are NOT subject to sales tax?", 
"I am really interested in this georgygirl.  Currently I use them only for short dated space as I can't live with their cancellation policy for bookings which are months away.  I can't take the chance of having the space blocked out on the calendar months ahead (this is the time the majority of my fly-in guests will book) and then having a last minute cancellation I can't fill.  I could live with 60 days.  Could you give us a few clues as to where to find this division of AirbnB please if you can't send us straight there?  Thanks!", 
" ", "I also had a recent ABB inquirer tell me that she's been using ABB since its inception and that \"It's gotten horrible.\"", 
"", "", " ", "Wow...and be careful!   ", " ", "The most inconsiderate thing I can think of (because all my neighbors are amazing) is that they let the dogs do their business in my yard. One side finally put up a fence, but the other side hasn't. If it continues I will have to go over and have a friendly chat about their dog. Other than that, and a few stray cats...I really haven't had any issues with neighbors.", 
"On the very same page, conflicting info of the commission paid for a booking:", 
" ", " ", " ", "Adding:  it would be akin to my adding fees for services currently provided by me to my guests, and I believe some owners do break out fees for many expenses.  I have one fee - my rent - it's intended to be simple and straightforward for my guests.", 
" ", "I disagree. The HomeAway Service Fee™ is THE issue. Without the fee, they can't control our business.", 
"your consent to any such amendment is not required in the event the proposed amendment is clerical and/or non-substantive in nature", 
"Bill then proceeded to tell me he got an email from a man named Stephan who was claiming to be our property manager, and he was claiming that there was ", 
" ", " ", "They want eat the cake, have us pay for the ingredients, make the cake, and clean up the mess.", 
"If a VR Web site has to employ software to detect certain language, phone numbers, etc., and use other things to keep the customers from going to the competition, the problem is not with the customer; the problem with with the Web Site and the company's product or business model, and that is obviously the case here.  Rather than HA going so far as to deactivate paid-for listings that try such a thing, and otherwise punishing customers who act with free will but in a way HA doesn't like, maybe HA needs to ask itself why are they redirecting travelers to other sites?", 
"", " ", "TThey are trying to make owners who rent direct look like Craigslist people. Nasty move. ", 
"Just lower your rates for the targeted time periods and people will find them when they search by price for their dates. ", 
" ", " ", " ", "If you'd like to join.......Please send a FB friend request to:  Sammy Chloe", 
" ", "https://www.facebook.com/public/Sammy-Chloe", "I have been told, variously, that \"the system is working as designed,\" that the Tech team investigated and came up with a list of the most recent 10 bookings and all were declines, and that the listing score \"cannot be adjusted by anyone within our support structure.\" This is verbiage from three separate emails on the issue.", 
" ", "Thats precisely what HA wants. To tell us (and travelers) when they should book and what, by shoving properties in their face that HA THINKS travelers should book (based on likelihood of getting the fee), not the properties travelers would like to see and book. doesn't matter that normally travelers shop and view your property 6 months or 18 months in advance. HA wants fee NOW, so it will show them the properties that have open calendar NOW (next 60 days) so that they can get their precious fee. ", 
"vacationrentals.com has launched owner ratings of travelers. We'll test it here for a few weeks, then roll to the rest of the sites.", 
"no wonder Expedia stock is falling.", "YES YES!!!  Buwhaaaaa......that is the dude!  I dislike that style of art with a passion!!!!", 
" ", " ", " ", "Until you get that first review, it can be really slow.  Just as I won't rent to a guest without a review or two, guests shy away from ABB properties without reviews.    But it doesn't cost anything for you to list, so just be patient.  ", 
" ", "That's what I was afraid of.  I have considered putting a link to my Facebook page or my personal website.  I don't believe that either of them violate the links policy on VRBO.com, but I was thinking they might start deleting people's links.  ", 
" ", "The people behind these scams are getting bolder. I had one that actually carried on a conversation with me looking for available days to rent. Only when we were able to agree on a time frame did they send their \"classic\" check's in the mail letter. And this....all through vrbo's messaging system. ", 
"some other thoughts...", "well read all these articles and push is to \"instant book\" at a click of a button. the cite booking.com . I looked into booking.com and it was no no precisely for that reason (not to mention insane commission and other stuff). But since I am seeing booking.com model mentioned more and more, this makes me think that iw where Expedia will head next. They seem to be bent on adopting the most unpalatable practices. ", 
"I discovered, due to a payment that didn’t arrive as expected, that one of my subscription properties is incorrectly set up for payment after guest arrives, not as received.", 
" ", "They DON'T want you to screen the renters. That is too much time, and you may decline someone with a credit card. HA wants to have anyone who pays to stay. Doesn't matter what they may do to your property, not HA's problem. HA need to book fast, collect fee fast, and then to he!! with your property, next. ", 
"Login Required | ShorttermrentalsIssu", "I have the time available to post here, and keep up with other personal interests online.  Then there's \"real\"  life . . . . it needs some attention as well. ", 
"We could sure use your valuable input at the new STR discussion boards:  Login Required | ShorttermrentalsIssu", 
"annual mortgage                         $38,000", 
"BINGO!", "If HA tumbles and the fee is a complete failure, and Expedia felt that Sharples knew in advance of the sale that the fee would be a failure, then he has to watch out for a lawsuit claiming that he mis-represented the potential value of HA based on the traveler's fee that he himself would not allow while he owned the company (because he knew it would fail).", 
"Maybe they are sending out the mail because of all the objections on this forum and actually listening to the arguments?", 
" ", " ", "Well for many of those Owners, HA was also Their best platform. Now That has changed, and Their bookings have dried up. Maybe it is now Different so maybe \"Meantime\" for them has come.", 
"Gremlins?  ", "As a side note, we just enabled you do download your analytics into a spreadsheet (see the icons in the upper right corner) so have at it!", 
"", "", "I am already getting ready for this.", "I have had a \"few\" times when I had to collect but it is rare.", 
" ", " ", "Huh?", "It's not about the fee, if travelers are ok paying the fee, they will find me on HA, if they're not they'll have options to find me elsewhere.", 
"", "Thank you. Oh there are. so there are these giant cabins with swimming pools and theaters inside...", 
" ", "I guess you just have to use your best judgement in certain situations. This was one that my heart just went out to them in their desperation to have a place that the whole family could stay while attending the funeral.  You know what I mean? ", 
"Susan, it's against community guidelines to publish full names.  But vacation123 could say something like Sally Str..... from Phoenix.   ", 
" ", " ", "We actually had higher than normal views on our cabin in December but the problem is we are fully booked through March so we are not even getting inquiries.  We usually start booking summer reservations by February/March so that will be the real test for us.", 
"I don't think that's correct.  Your guests will be charged the HA service fee (4-9%) on the first payment.   The second payment will not have a service fee charge; it will have the full deposit.   You will be charged the CC fee (2.9%) on each transaction, but since that's a percentage, it doesn't matter when it's taken. ", 
"This information is SO important!  But why did a community member have to find it and post it here?  It should have been posted on the right side of the forum, displacing some of the 2-year old articles.  ", 
" ", " ", "How dare they question the validity of owners who have worked long and hard to welcome guests from all over the world.", 
"Sharples could care less.  He got his $3.9 billion.", "6.35%", 
" ", "those pesky vacation rental owners who are loathe to start paying commissions and often prefer to deal with guests directly and offline.", 
"Even though Booking.com doesn't charge a fee, they are dangerous for an owner to use. Be sure to search other threads about booking.com before attempting to use them.", 
"Don't click on any links, of course, but I see no harm in using the HA_sales@homeaway.com  email address -- it would go to HA. ", 
"If you want to find a rental in the south bay area of San Francisco, a map based search is the fastest way to do that.", 
" ", "I dont see any exemptions for credit card fees nor booking fees.  Maybe you can find them??? ", 
" ", "I'm speaking strictly of actual insurance policies - the trip insurance, trip interruption, trip cancellation, etc. policies travelers purchase through an insurance broker/agent/company or as a pass through with a VR Owner or agent.", 
"I had a long chat on Fri with their CS. I wanted a 60 days cancellation policy or at least 30. NO. The 2 reps I talked to also  sounded like they have never heard of my VR rental market, which is pretty well known. I guess not to everyone. I emphasized that my 2 properties are full time VRs, sleeping 10 and 12 respectively. Not a hint about \"VR division\" that you mention. May be an urban myth.  ", 
"Their commission of 3% is the only cost to the owner, and they get it up front, without backdooring it at a cc fee.", 
" ", "", "So I'm asking a guest to pay these fees because I the owner of the property, who lists my property on VRBO may be committing internet fraud, or I might deny them entry to my property, or I might be misrepresenting my property or my property might have material defects?  again all out outlined in the link above.", 
"What gives?,", " ", "The VRBO listings are not used to sell the rentals.  The only reason CBR uses VRBO is to get shoppers over to their own website.", 
"I do not think it is inconsiderate either, maybe they discovered their plumbing is on the verge of leaking and needs to be replaced. Either that, or you would have a flooded unit if their plumbing broke.", 
" ", "\"Service fee started the same day inquiries stopped.\"", 
"1.  Best Match & the decline of the Tier perks:  We should be thanking you for this one...   it's bringing in more and higher quality inquiries for us all.  Not an issue that a few minor perks associated with the higher tiers got lost in the shuffle.  Of course we accepted the price increases on those higher tiers a few years ago - we took you at your word and we paid right up!  The fact that we tanked in the search results, lost our featured listings, and had inquiries and bookings dry up as a result of Best Match is fine with us.  We don't feel duped at all.  Heck, you taught us the value of the Classic Tier and we're saving big bucks! ", 
"But how do I keep the \"Indians\" from leaving the reservation?  (just a way of speaking don't get you knickers in a bunch)", 
" ", "Here's how this goes forward:", " ", "", "a last minute opening in our condo and would he(Bill) be interested. He (Stephan, fake property manager) knew the exact dates that Bill had been searching ", 
"tom", "Yes I agree there are most likely many internal struggles at HA.", 
"Thanks for posting carol.", " ", "Can't do it.   And if you're caught, they suspend your listing. ", 
"I have had retired police and family.", "That property is near me. Not sure if the scammer host divulged the property name, however a cursory google search would tell you that the Sand Pearl in Clearwater Beach Florida is limited to 30 day stays.   Due diligence! ", 
" ", "Finally, this is just more tone deafness on the part of you, Mr. Hale, and HomeAway.  More just barking at us what you want us to adopt.  Somehow, you think that if you say it to us enough times. we'll start believing it.  The problem is, so many here, myself included, have told you ad nauseam that we have lost business since these changes have begun, and lost BIG, not a slow decline, not an off year...down 80, 90, 100%...but you have completely ignored those comments!", 
"Otoh owners have lots of choices.  Id rather be an owner.", 
"Cover your eyes as I post one of the more interesting paragraphs  Color emphasis is mine:", 
" ", "Click on the above blue font link and request to join.  I'm adding folks as fast as I can, so please be patient.  Thanks!", 
"", " ", "Because VRBO is not able to correctly calculate the required taxes on book it requests, I have to manually revise them in order to remain in legal compliance with the county. The revision means that VRBO never recognizes that I have accepted any book it requests, even though I have.", 
"I hope I'm not being too repetitive, but it needs working out in my mind (and I like to share):", 
" ", " ", "Dear Tom:", "HA simply sees the demand side (travelers) as a constant.  They dont see that ever diminishing. ", 
" ", "Set the rate to $1/night, remove cleaning fee, set min to one night.", 
"I was on ABB two years ago for about 2 or 3 months.  I only had one inquiry during that time.", 
"It is nauseating.   It may cause convulsions.  Seriously!", 
"Retrieving data ...", "Vrrentcamera might remember name of that \"test sort option\" … he created a few discussions on the topic.", 
"Thanks, everyone for this thread. I'm new to Home Away, but fortunately not new to scam attempts and this thread, together with others, has confirmed my suspicions about a recent enquiry. The initial first enquiry was simple, if somewhat illiterate. But when I received a message offering to send a bankers international cheque for the quoted price of £455 plus £30 as some kind of 'processing fee' my hackles started to rise. The name given was Phillips Bernard (sic) and the address in Michigan appears genuine, although I doubt he/she/it lives there. I understand from another thread that he would have then 'by mistake' sent me a cheque for far more than the above sum and then asked me to send him a cheque for the excess. Classic fraud.", 
"Best Match does not work out well for your longest subscription customers, it sucks. There is not one single positive community forum comment about Best Match and it's consequences. HA Management has thrown it's customers under a bus.", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", "Many people have signed up for vacationhomerentals.com and have reported lots of inquiries.  Others are going to AirBnB, AVROA, and other sites with varying degrees of success.  I strongly recommend you look for a local site in your area -- in mine, www.ourtownrentals.com is the best.    ", 
"Yes, and remember, if you screen someone and find out they're a felon and cocaine dealer, as one member here did, and turn them down, you get punished in Best Match and down your listing goes! ", 
"Thank you.", "You have a life?", " ", "community annual HOA dues       $7,200", 
" ", " ", " ", "On many occasions, I disagree with secrets on opinions or ideas he  posts but I respect his right to post within community guidelines. I've seen secrets VR listings and he is a legitimate VR owner. He has legitimate ideas. He has been posting for years.Perhaps not as often as others but that does negate his right to post.", 
"- if your neighbors drive the price of their rentals down to offset the fee, you will have a bidding war; stand strong.", 
" ", "Imagine a private user group on FB!", " ", "Thank you all for the laughs!  I especially like the sink photos you posted.", 
"Reminds me of lines from 2 of my favorite country songs.", "They seem to think that everyone with a credit card is good people and nobody is out to scam the home owner. H/A answer to the guarantee is all home owners are bad and rips the guest off so they were forced to offer the money back guarantee. ", 
" ", "I'm sure that there are a lot of very smart cookies at HA who have thought these changes through very thoroughly, and are not just making a few changes to make a quick buck and then run off into the sunset.", 
"I on the other hand, have been stripping my website down, to make it smaller, quicker, faster loading on peoples devices.", 
" ", "Home Away / VRBO executives obviously don't understand our business - they think they do, but they don't.  What's worse is I don't think the executives understand their business model either.", 
"I am confident that Homeaway will fix that for you very shortly, possibly eliminating some competition for you for a while at least.. ", 
"I rarely comment on what one charges, but I have to agree. You are way way too low. Raise the rates, rent fewer weeks, make more money, less wear and tear. less complaints from bargain hunters. Beautiful home. ", 
"What a mess!  ", "Retrieving data ...", " ", "From this article:", 
"Let me try to restate my observation", "Yep, I too have experienced extremely low inquiries for this time of year. I used to be booked for summer before spring break. Usually all the calls would come in just after Christmas, this year, only one thus far.  Now after seeing the new vrbo commercial, I think this will be the straw that broke the camels back. I have been with vrbo for 10 years. I used to have \"seniority\" and higher ranking because of my loyalty to them. Not any more. I am at the bottom of the list, unless I pay for the highest subscription level and participate in their forced online payment system and jump through all the other hoops they have put in place.  With their adding guest fees to get money on both sides now, we are all doomed.  We need to find/create a different way to market our rentals. ", 
"", " ", "But what about \"entire US\" views to contact? Is that just me, or it's of the cliff?? which means supposedly HA is spending all that moolah on ad words and what not. Travelers come, travelers look, travelers DO NOT contact listers?", 
"I Have also received zero \"contacts\" or leads and therefore have zero bookings since service fee. ", 
"Where will you be Mr. Sharples, when a guest has an emergency - will you stay the night with them at ER or walk there dog, or loan your car, when they have car trouble?", 
" ", "$2,000.00", " I have no doubt that when my subscription comes do I will be forced into the fee. We've all been duped by home away and I don't believe anyone is happy but I tire of constantly hearing how those of us to did not drink the Kool-Aid have an unfair advantage, we paid a heavy price to be in that position albeit for a limited time I'm afraid.", 
"Unfortunately, this is old news from last year that the big guys didn't read, disagreed with or don't care about. ", 
"Thank you for the warning.  I do not have any intention of using booking.com.  It's the antithesis of all of my practices.  ", 
" ", "Most every travel website uses map based searches now.", 
" ", " ", "You generalize with a broad brush, about people with who you are not acquainted . . . . ", 
" ", "NO, not an urban myth - at least not them part about this policy being available ( but 'by invitation only').  I just found it on the dashboard.  It is under 'terms' which is at the bottom of a big list when you go into the listing.  I have emailed them telling them it is really the only way I can rent through them.", 
" ", "I just wish this entire model would go away.", "", "", 
"YYes, foxhound, I did. I will try to go screenshot for you. It was worded in such a way that said \"accelting payments thru the vrbo system will enhance your site position\" or something like that.", 
"I had a guest use a 100% domestic CC and Yapstone tried to impose an int'l surcharge, claiming that it was an int'l card.  The bank is in Atlanta and is only in the US.  It took me over a month of phone calls to get that extra % back.  It was a high cost rental so it was a noticeable amount of money.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "Cleaning?  Included.", 
" ", " Without the fee, there's no reason to insist owners use BIN, HA Payments or Alt Payments and therefore no reason for Best Match to exist. Without the fee, there's no reason to (eventually … it's coming) restrict communications between guests and owners until after the first payment. ", 
"It IS substantive and non clerical. ", "for on VRBO.  Stephan, made reference to them in his email.  ", 
"SO you offer guarantee to all individuals who book a fraudulent vrbo booking outside of your payment processing????", 
" ", "", "That is how competition works!  ", "", "One worked at a hotel chain", 
"Darn I missed it. Do you know if they put all the segments on their website? Will it be up tomorrow to watch?", 
"Also, put a mention in your headline that there are some Speical Offers", 
" ", "Don't you just hate it when you try to pull one over on people with a fake article and they see right thru it in 2 seconds?", 
" ", " ", "Worked for me. Thank you for setting this up for everyone! Looking forward to solutions.", 
"", "Apparently the score is based only on the last 10 requests. ", 
" ", " ", "Once a stay has been consummated, owners have the ability to rate travelers on a 5 star scale, with sections for cleanliness, house rules, and communication, as well as an overall scale.", 
"what kind of corporate culture is this?", " ", " ", "And finally: select your desired subscription level:", 
" ", " ", " ", "\"We have great relationships with our OTA partners and will continue to work with intermediaries in mutually beneficial relationships that enable us to achieve our strategic objectives. We realize that customers today have a choice of booking channel at their fingertips so our goal is to offer a portfolio of direct and indirect booking channels for our guests.”", 
" ", " ", " ", "I am now seeing on my HA listing that the service fee is HA Service Fee. Are you showing that now? Is VRBO showing it now?", 
"That’s the only possible setup for pay per booking but not for subscriptions unless you are not in good standing. ", 
" ", "So, no  need for screening!", " ", "The missing part of that was", 
"It's not much so far, but if we can get enough good heads together, it has great potential.", 
"prop taxes                                   $1,000", 
"You are right on the money with this post. ", "IMO of course.", 
"Also, I did not realise that Tom Hale is the Chief Operating Officer of Homeaway until that mail came out. It makes me think that a lot of you guys should probably consider the impact of the constant stream of negativity and discussion of means to take bookings offline where possible. It might just be a matter of time before Homeaway decides that the best way to silence all the argument is to remove the 10 or 20 posters who are most vocal in this campaign from their platform, and I mean Homeaway.com rather than community.homeaway.com. This is a tactic that Airbnb have used multiple times in San Fran, New York and Barcelona when they decide that a user is making them look bad.", 
"You can check my join date right in my profile. ", " ", "Sounds like you will consider burning the ship when only you are affected.", 
"You didn't imagine it:", "tom", " ", " ", "®Terms and Conditions - Book with Confidence Guarantee™ from HomeAway<sup>®</sup>", 
"Refund is made by bank transfer.", " ", " ", "If you have better info, please share.  Why such a fury to quash other voices??  Many are concerned about this issue - as it is one of the biggest issues to surface in recent months.   And I am one of the few to post verbiage from gov websites.", 
" ", "You may be wrong. Example like this was brought to thale attention before. He posted that HA will (and I quote) \"incent\" the PMs to \"play by the rules\". To which I replied that it was odd that they plan to \"incent\" the PMs, yet they are swift to punish owners by suspending listings etc. of course, no further reply that I know of. (emphasis is mine)", 
"I've never really understood breaking out the cleaning fee.  We don't break out HOA fees, cable tv fees, linen fees, insurance fees, etc.    It's just part of our rent.  I would never allow a guest to opt out of having my VR cleaned.  ", 
" ", "I previously had the same issue using echeck and no longer accept echecks.  However, the problem with echecks is not exclusive to RM (which I don't use and never will).  I ran my echeck through PPI with the same result, $25 charge because acct number was incorrect.  I require all final payments to be made 45 days prior to arrival now by check or credit card.  I do require the guest to pay a booking fee for c/c which I waive for cash - so I avoid most fees.", 
"So, the e check option has absolutely no security around it?  Any traveler can enter any random account number and it will work just fine?  This is really horrible.  ", 
"Sharples maintained they thoroughly vetted the decision to add a traveler fee. “We have done, and our suppliers who are listening should understand this too, we’ve done enough research and testing on this to know that it isn’t going to substantially change conversion rates on bookings,” said Sharples. “We have unique inventory and unique products, and when somebody goes to rent that particular house in Martha’s Vineyard with four bedrooms, they want that house. We’re going to have caps on fees. It’s not going to be some extraordinary thing that’s going to be a huge burden to travelers. We’ve really thought this thing through, and we believe it’s going to be a big success.”", 
" ", "I am about the same on inquires but low on bookings. I should have March completely booked by now and I am not even close. I think they will continue to drop when the new HA fee goes into effect. ", 
"You misunderstood me. The service fee I am referring to is for the charge back.  On the stay that was charged back, Yapstone charged me $25 for the rental portion being charged back and another $25 for the security deposit being charged back, even though the cardholder was only charged once", 
"Instead, Yapstone elected to post this article on the website of the VRMA -- the organization of professional VR managers.  Here's the original link:", 
"But what about \"entire US\" views to contact? Is that just me, or it's of the cliff??", 
" ", " ", "If this kind of sentiment were able to move Sharples, none of this would be going on in the first place.  This letter is like begging a serial killer to not kill you because you've got kids and people you love and who love you...means nothing to them.", 
"$2,099.99", "Casey, according to your own CURRENT as well as previous HomeAway / VRBO contract terms, under Section 22 \"General\":", 
"I Don't think they are going to be able to push a large group of strong minded, successful people who have worked hard enough to be able to afford a second home into a transaction based model.", 
"Airbnb's property inventory is very different from VRBO's traditional vacation rental property.", 
"MY GUESS is that they are desperately hunting down old emails that don't appear to be associated with current listings and trying to drum up new subscriptions, probably because so many owners are walking away.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "All that aside, ABB JUST DOES NOT GENERATE BOOKINGS", 
"I am thinking that the word \"entire amount\" makes it pretty clear.", 
"Not generalizing at all.  I'm merely noting business practices that are abnormal or very basically not in line with basic accounting principles or tax and business principles, like the above noted reference to reporting net income in place of gross income.", 
"Insurance and taxes vary by state, but insurance is a common exclusion from tax even when packaged with other fees and service fees for a hotel or vacation lodging.", 
"But to get that 60 day cancellation policy, you must give ABB 5% of your take, not the usual 3%.", 
"They also don't manipulate listings solely to optimize their profits at the expense of their hosts.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "Cheri", "It's like VRBO/HA is calling me unethical and a liar.....  Ummm ... well ok then", 
" ", " ", "The CBR listings on VRBO state:", "I cannot really relate much to condo renting, my properties are in the country in the woods. One property is on a dead end street, very private. With that, my neighbor constantly lets his dogs loose (some hunting breed I do not know). they do not do anything  bad but one dog constantly comes and hangs out in my driveway. ALL THE TIME. The other ones bark bark bark in the kennels on his property. Even though it is quite a distance, sound carries. ", 
"So, an answer, well two answers to one of the questions. I wonder which one is correct!", 
"You replied:", "2.  Place us at a disadvantage:    It's okay, we're not bothered by the inequity of the service fee.  It's not your fault that everyone's not charging your fee.", 
"I can think of 2 ways.", "Pet?  Included.", "Step one - Implement a service fee (just throw a percentage out there … it can always be changed later)", 
" ", "", "Bill saw the prices that were being offered, huge discounts, and replied to the email. Stephan(fake manager) gave him our property listing number, along with information on where to send his downpayment, cleaning fee, damage deposit etc....", 
" ", "For years and years the boss was proclaiming that \"no traveler fees\" is the way to go, and claiming that HA is an advertising venue and no more.", 
"Property listings should not direct travelers to third-party websites.", 
"I'm not a lawyer. I don't think that's correct. Other listing sites are competitors, not 3rd parties. 3rd party is an additional entity involved in a transaction, not a replacement for the original entity.", 
"No, traveler must hand over their CC and book the property before any meaningful \"free speech, transparency, and clear communication\", i.e.: vetting, can take place.  And then, if it's not a good fit and you cancel the booking, you're warned your listing could be suspended if you have the nerve to cancel a booking in your own property and business over the next six months!", 
"A nurse and her extended family.", "Here's the link:", " ", 
"In addition, I just now, in the last hour, experienced my very first attempted hacking of my property listing on VRBO. So despite all the claims, we are not any safer either.  The only reason it wasn't successful was because of my own common sense and suspicion.  I had my sister send me an inquiry to make sure everything was safe and inquiries, the very, very few 'm getting now, still go to me.  It did.  But now I'll be punished because I have an inquiry from my sister that I am not going to actually convert into a booking.  Fortunately, the hacker's inquiry didn't show up on my inbox or inquiries column.  Otherwise, HA would send me down very far for not converting that criminal into a booking as well!", 
" ", "\"Khosrowshahi said that while in-house brands such as Expedia and Hotels.com will eventually sell HomeAway’s vacation rentals in tandem in some way with hotels, HomeAway won’t get hotels, although HomeAway will eventually offer things such as car rentals and activities.", 
"If you have trouble finding  Sammy Chloe   then it should be top choice at this link", 
"Yes, please accept my request to join!  I think this is a marvelous idea.................", 
"", " ", "Now my listing has a warning to travelers: This owner accepts fewer requests than average.", 
"How will an owner strategize in this new listing world?", " ", 
" ", "I have a guest who wants to pay for his week at my home with a pretty painting. I shall be cutting off an appropriate amount of the painting and remitting it to you for the service fee It's a picture of the model's arm. I also took a pig in trade last week. (Whoa, these new and better guests are fantastic.) I have already sent you the the creature's leg. (Open this near the sink, bro.)", 
"HA thinks that inventory and owners (supply) is meaningless - they are a dime a dozen.  HA has shown us many many times that owners are not relevant.", 
" ", "Buy a bunch of your own room nights in separate transactions.", 
"Perhaps its time to try them again.", "I was so hopeful that I could see a great video, and then I opened up a jerky, bouncy mess.", 
"", "So to answer your question, Best Match - or a prototype version - began last summer but was fully implemented the first week in November. At the Austin HomeAway Homeowners summit (11/9/2015), it was the most talked about subject, followed by the travelers' fee, which at that time they were estimating would be between 4-6%. One point they made repeatedly was that BM would be a dynamic algorithm, constantly evolving based on data.", 
"Other than posting here, is there some way of reporting such scam attempts to Home Away  -- and is there much point in doing so?", 
"Having tom hale close out discussions about the service fee does not erase the outpouring of protest against the service fee. It just shows how unresponsive HA has become to property owners.", 
"It is, but we don't know for sure if it is permanent, on every listing and not just some a/b testing", 
" ", "Many of your questions are answered in my previous post \"Service Fee Facts ....\"  ", 
" ", "I've urged forum members to continue posting here - a few members have dropped off the forum in response to developments - as we certainly have homeaway's attention on a Homeaway sponsored forum . .  . . ", 
" ", "To be clear, I wasn't the one who started this and I don't run it.  I would just like to see a great idea succeed and a helpful community flourish.", 
"housekeeping                              $3,500", 
" ", "of course Sharples knew fee would be a failure before the sale - or they would have done it a year, three years, five years ago. ", 
" ", "no offense, but I don't really care, it isn't of consequence to me. ", 
"- people who don't accept online payments will be hindering their own success: it's the world we live in and it's how people like to do things nowadays. But if you want to do it that way, it's your home and you should be allowed to administer it however you like, particularly when you have paid a subscription fee", 
" ", " ", " ", "", "I'm much too young to feel this dam* old.", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", "From our (owners) point of view, it all looks like quite a lot of doom and gloom, but I'm sure if you zoom out a bit and have a look at the global picture (which we have seen from some of the stats that Tom has provided), things are on the up.", 
"At least twice a week I have a client that is looking for something travel related on their phone/tablet..... and when the load time is too long (5 sec?)", 
" ", "We've seen this before, and with otherwise great companies; remember \"New Coke\" and the more recent JC Penny's faux pas of a no sale price policy?  There were others, but those stand out.", 
"", "There is no opt out. Cleaning fee is not optional. I only \"credit\" cleaning fee for 7+ night rentals, regardless, properties are  cleaned by professional housekeeper.  Our typical rentals are 3 -7 nights, and  to absorb the cleaning fee  into the daily rate(my housekeeper charges $110 for 3 bd and $145 for 4 bd per cleaning), I would have to set even low season  rate in $180 for 3bd  and $230 for 4 bd. When people sort on the price, it will look like it is higher than competition because competition's rates would look lower due to breaking out cleaning fee separately. hard to compete with others when their rate would show $140 and $199 respectively.", 
"Vacation123 -- have you tried filing a claim with your insurance carrier?  I wonder if they would cover a loss like this.  ", 
"I did create a receipt in duplicate and we both signed and had a copy.  Don't misunderstand me, I don't recommend cash at all.  To be honest, I am not sure a last minute reservation is worth the hassle and recently have only proceeded if the renter checks out and seems to be a good fit for the house.  ", 
"I am very sorry that this has happened to you.  Thank you for letting other owners know about this.  Even if we do not encounter this particular renter, it is very valuable for other owners to understand the flaws in HA's echeck system.  It appears that the only safe, viable means for an owner to accept payment for last minute reservations are by credit card or a wire transfer from the renter's bank account to the owner's bank account.", 
"", "What you call Contacts to Bookings, is Bookings (numerator) divided by Contacts (denominator).  For that ratio to go from 15 to 95 (my example) or 5 to 50 (your example),then either Bookings have gone up by a factor of 5, or Inquiries have dropped by a factor of 5.  Since the the number of bookable days hasn't changed in the last month, the only conclusion is that Inquiries have dropped by a factor of 5.   I understand your position that this is good because your are providing more qualified inquiries.  But. let's look at the other metric.", 
"Sometimes there are changes in different parts of the country.  I have most of March rented out for the past 2 weeks. ", 
"Sorry! I didn't realize Yapstone charges for a chargeback -- that is pouring salt into the wound.   ", 
" ", " ", "SO many other people on here saying the same, I can't imagine that we are all experiencing the same thing and that the site as a whole is thriving in any scenario except that the bookings generated are for high volume PMs. ", 
"We are successful because we care.  The purpose of guest reviews is to vett the non-compliant or bad houses/owners.", 
"Bump", "6.12%", " ", "", "Consequently, Airbnb is planning to change their model (to better suit traditional vacation rental properties). This may mean Airbnb develops a second site targeting traditional vacation rental properties.", 
"I've checked email addresses I have used previously with my vrbo and homeaway accounts, I did not receive this email.", 
"\"On the other hand, HomeAway is likely to play hardball with vacation rental owners who don’t make their properties online bookable.", 
"I have the opposite issues.  ABB quotes according to what rent I have indicated, applies its fee, and provides a price to the traveler that correctly includes the rent, fees, and tax on fees and rent.", 
"I would contend that the \"entire amount\" is the cost of the accommodation -- as defined as being the things they buy from you... so rent, cleaning, sports club surcharge, pet fees, etc.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "My listing expires March 17.  I did get an email saying my listing would renew, but being so busy, I forgot to keep on top of it.  First of all, I could've sworn my auto-renew was turned off, but when I looked last night, it was on.  Also, I thought I only had my credit card listed, but I also had my debit card.  Well, last night I saw a pending debit for 648.00.  I about had a stroke (I forgot I had added the US bundle for 299, sometime in the middle of the year, but I was used to my yearly renewal being just the 349.00 ).", 
" ", "When I look at the next to bottom square (cost) in both columns do I see that it shows 'FREE'?", 
"i Went from a perfect score to a 90. ", "I know that we aren't supposed to charge domestic travelers for CC fees, but are we allowed to charge int'l travelers a fee to cover those add'l costs?", 
" ", " ", "the other one...........", " ", " ", " ", "Number of guests?  Included.", 
" ", "The fee is driving everything … Best Match, online payment options, search/sort order, traveler reviews (a perilous idea, IMO), and potential for a closed communication system.", 
"Clerical would be a typo. Non substantive would be changing web site color from blue to green or vice versa. So they gave you a canned reply but their own quote does not support it. Changing over-nite from LISTING site to BOOKING site is quite substantive, no matter how you look at it. ", 
"Bill then went to VRBO to look at our property again, and saw that our calendar was still booked for the dates he was requesting, and thought that was odd, so he saw my phone number listed and decided to call me directly.  I was flabbergasted!", 
"that makes ZERO sense to me and is (I'm sorry) really \"out there\" in left field.", 
" ", "", "susaninrehoboth wrote:", "", "A retired couple, I think they own a small business.", 
"How to avoid this popular (and expensive) spring break scam - TODAY.com", 
"and then in the body, spell out which time periods have a special rate.", 
" ", " ", "Consumers don’t visit HomeAway sites looking for hotels, Khosrowshahi said.", 
"https://www.facebook.com/public/Sammy-Chloe    The profile pic is of a dog (dachshund) ", 
"Yes, please add me.", "", "I went through my inbox and compiled a list of the last 10 requests. Out of those 10, working most recent to oldest, at the top of the list was an accepted booking. Then there were a bunch of declines, and then two more accepted bookings. So that's three out of 10.", 
" ", " ", "If a traveler has a profile, you can access it by clicking on the thumbnail photo of the traveler where ever it is represented in the dashboard. It's early days here, so there are not a large number of reviewed travelers, but this is a big step forward in providing owners with access to tools to better vet travelers.", 
"the \"attitude\" is clearly coming from the top and is trickling down.....", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "patpat922", " ", "BOOM!", "Vrrentcamera might remember name of that \"test sort option\"", 
"Not much point reporting these, but I recommend engaging the scammers to keep them busy.  The more interactions they have to process where you end up saying \"ha ha, I'm on to you, now go away\" the less time they have to pray on new owners.  I try to keep them conversing as long as I have time and patience for. ", 
" ", "THale said they were going to be doing A/B testing. Some people will see it as HA or VRBO Service Fee others will see it as Service Fee. It is not associated with any listing in particular. ", 
"You cannot figure out, yourself, what the payment processor has decided about your payment program, you cannot send an email, either, you have to call HA support. ", 
" ", "See?", " ", "\"You lucky dog, you!\"", "I decided to sit on the sidelines until the dust settled.  It never did. ", 
"annual repairs/maintenance          $0", "Large travel suppliers (airlines, hotel chains, etc) are looking for ways to cut Expedia out of the transactional equation, eliminate the middleman, and go back to dealing directly with the individual consumer.", 
"IMO it will be very challenging for Sharples to hide the downfall for two years.", 
"I highlighted before that going to the press, starting threads on Tripadvisor etc is not helping anyone. It is burning down the ship rather than negotiating the price of a ticket. I don't like the fee anyone more than anyone else does, but Homeaway is still the best platform for driving guests to my rentals. When that changes and bookings dry up, maybe it will be different, but in the meantime, object fairly.", 
"Why would it be? I was replying to a comment from someone else ", 
" ", "Then let the Owners who have suffered what you are dreading have their say,", 
"HomeAway may face a class action by owners over its new guest fee - Tnooz", 
"", "Slightly funny, shake your head kinda story. I have renters here now, upstairs. They are here for two weeks, while we move down to our basement apartment.", 
" ", "The way I interpret the section regarding security deposits, it is HA that makes the decision. ", 
"What provisions are in place to extend (= absent payment) said listings -- uninterrupted -- until such time Owners can make presumably 'informed' decisions about renewing?", 
" ", "They move on. ", "Many forum participants believe that they DONT owe sales tax on the service fee, however I have also seen just as many that are certain that they DO owe sales tax on the service fee.", 
" ", " ", "I understand your point about appearing to be a higher price on a sort.  And I see your point on the shorter stays.  But even then, I just spread the cleaning fee over the minimum 3-night stay.  I think there are so many pricing policies, resort fees, deposit amounts and conditions, etc. that most travelers will get a final quote and won't go so much on the  list price.  I'm not trying to be critical at all.  I always resented paying a \"cleaning fee\" as a renter, so when we were fortunate enough to buy our own VR, I decided to just build it into the price.  I do break out taxes because I have a knee-**** reaction against taxes . . . what, with our governments doing such good, honest, and efficient work and all. ", 
"Wow this is very interesting. There was another post here or on the Yahoo board about guests laughing with another guest how they have learned to get their stays \"free\" by threatening a bad review. It seems to be a real problem. After reading vacation123 post, I have deleted that I will take e-checks. Mine is through Paypal. I have only had 2 guests in three years opt for it and I didn't like that it took about 5 days for the check to come in. ", 
"That was very kind of you to accomodate them!", "But HA discourages bank transfers because guests can be defrauded.  What is safest for the owner is riskiest for the renter. ", 
"others (quote below) were able to accurately predict the behavior or travelers, even though HA research predicted otherwise.  This is exactly the behavior I have seen in my market.  My area is 80% booked for the next few weeks, and the bookings aren't coming from HomeAway.,     ", 
" ", "Hang in there.", "Now I book online because HA requires it for their leads.  That scares me.", 
"http://www.vrma.com/blog_home.asp?Display=224", " ", "Homeaway is seeing increased bookings, but that is as carol says because they have more properties online bookable each month, so each month they have properties they had zero booking data for in prior months/years, so in reality everyone could have less bookings while HA sees more, just because HA didn't see them before when they were higher...", 
" ", "For new comers", "$2,100.00", "If you disagree with any non-clerical and/or substantive amendment to these Terms, then  your sole remedy as a member is to withhold your consent to the applicability of the proposed amendment to your use of the Site, in which case your use of the Site will continue to be governed by the terms and conditions that were applicable to your use of the Site during the then current term of your subscription as the same were in effect immediately prior to the proposed amendment and you agree that you are responsible for keeping a copy of such terms.", 
"the author backs that up 100%.", "Airbnb absolutely recognizes there are different types of properties and that no one website business model is ideally suited to all properties.", 
"Our job is to help you to make the biggest return on your investment with your vacation home!", 
"Sharples said some owners who don’t keep their avalability calendars updated are “lazy” and they “may not be on our site someday.”", 
" ", " ", "Don't get me wrong, the bulk of the conversation here (at least until the service fee became the focus) showed a lot of very good information sharing and honed skill in hospitality, but the business conduct otherwise is very bizarre.  I can only surmise all these VR owner summits people have attended have had laser-like focus on how to succeed within VRBO rather than anything practically useful in how to run a business or market it to be successful in its own right.  They obviously have a vested interest in handling it that way.  Fostering near abject dependence on HA/VRBO by offering various carrots the use of which placed the future of people's VR businesses in jeopardy in the event they don't dance to whatever tune HA/VRBO decides to play (and, possibly, even if they do, if VRBO has misjudged their niche market flexibility) has served them well and they have no interest in making your business successful or enabling good business sense.", 
"For my own state, all fees, including the service fee by VRBO or ABB or a PM, housekeeping, pet fee, etc. are taxable by state and local occupancy tax.", 
"It's not worth it to me to pay 2% extra on the rare chance of a cancellation.  Also, note that ABB now has a policy to return guest payments when a guest has to cancel for a major emergency, e.g. death or serious illness in the family.  So, the 60 day cancellation policy only protects you from a cancellation without any good reason.  ", 
"And, they call themselves what they are - a booking site (vs. a listing site) and behave accordingly, not by saying \"oh, this is better for you and....sure, we'll remit the tax we owe on our fee....trust us....\"", 
" ", "What can I say?", "Yes it does.", " ", "Retrieving data ...", 
"\"PLEASE NOTE: OUR PRICING IS “ALL INCLUSIVE”; NO ADDITIONAL FEES, NO HIDDEN FEES (13% TAX NOT INCLUDED). PLEASE CALL FOR PRICING AND AVAILABILITY OF “DAILY RENTALS”\"", 
"The other property is on a street with just a few other cabins. One of the cabins up the street (also a VR) has installed these super bright post lights around their parking pad. Each post has 3 lanterns in it with probably 100W bulbs each. Makes the driveway and street lit up like it is airport runway. C'mon, do you need a 3X100W bulbs on so many post lights? people come to enjoy nature and stars, but you cannot see anything because everything is flooded with this harsh fluorescent white light. Especially in the winter, when there are no leaves, I can see his yard lit up like some airport or commercial facility during the night. ", 
"Thanks for this infor.  The problem with Expedia is that make up the rules and information as they go along.  I suspect that the reason is that they don't really know the HA/VRBO system or even home renting.  So by making changes that we have difficulty understanding, they can understand and in the process they can start slipping as many fees as possible in our rentals. ", 
"\"With all due respect, this is simply not true.\"", "3.  Price us out of our market:  Honestly, we need to acknowledge that you know more about our rate structures than we do.  It's only fair that we relinquish a portion of our bookings for the good of the masses.", 
"1) Make an effort to (based on some A/B testing of course) lower the commission % and explain that I have heard you bla bla.", 
"Linens?  Included.", "Step two - Change the Content Guidelines", 
"This was the \"stealth\" plan all along and many owners got suckered into it... now it is too late. Or is it?", 
"Did you also send a hard copy by mail to legal at the address in the T&C?", 
" ", " ", "The boss sells out, and inflates his sale price based on proposing the opposite of what made the company successful.", 
" Should not is not the same as not allowed. Big plus, it's okay to say call to avoid the service fee. right?", 
" ", "So much for free speech!", "A credit union director.", 
"It is no coincidence that this story is in the news. Expedia wants travelers to be afraid so they get their \" protection fee\".", 
"I have twice.  Last year, and I received two bookings.  One was a nightmare, they brought in 16 guests, our home is rated for 8-10, and broke the door off the fridge and pulled the folding door off of the pantry. I called them about the over occupancy, but she insisted that they all weren't staying there overnight.  Our neighbor said otherwise. Sure wish we could rate guests and save fellow homeowners the problems we each see from the bad ones.  The second one last year went off fine.  I ran one this year for May and June and received one booking.  We'll see. ", 
"This article you post is a cynical attempt to shut us up and get us to comply.  The problem is, you do not hear us ...  at all.  At all.", 
"I mean really,....HA either has great contempt for us or they think we're the dumbest people on the planet.", 
"Khosrowshahi credited Kim with playing a key role in Expedia’s turnaround in recent years. Among the elements were building a common tech platform for many of Expedia’s brands and introducing product changes such as the Expedia Traveler Preference program, which enabled customers to choose whether they wanted to prepay for a hotel or pay at the property.\"", 
" ", "You should reconsider joining Facebook, if only for searching people who send inquiries for your property. It is well worth the time and trouble when researching who is inquiring about your rental property.", 
"BTW.....FOLKS....it is very likely that HA/VRBO may shut the whole Community down because they don't want private owners organizing against this new fee.  So, it would be wise for you to join this outside group NOW, because if this Community Forum is eliminated, you'll be out in the cold.", 
" ", "What am I supposed to do with this? This is a problem entirely created by VRBO that harms my position in search results, and now this warning will drive travelers elsewhere. This is not right.", 
"For example, I may need to rent 20 weeks over a prescribed seasonal period In a resort area.  That's it for the year - no more, more, more for me. ", 
" ", " ", "I would ordinarily not accept these guests, but I turned down the bikers, \"ladies of the evening*\" and convicted drug dealer (cocaine and Class B's, methadone, I think remember?) and I'm all pumped up to keep my conversions high!", 
"HA believes that owners are taking advantage of them, making too much money, etc, while HA is doing all the legwork of finding buyers.", 
"", "Poof - message will disappear.", " ", "There are so many things about the video that need correcting:", 
"", " ", " ", "In talking to a rep and then his supervisor from Homeaway Support, the supervisor threatened to \"take down my listing\" if I try to avoid the new service fee. Really, is this how we are to be dealt with moving forward? He said you will take down my listing if my \" headline, descriptive text, or communications with a traveler\" says anything about actions to avoid the HA service fee. Supervisor Shawn case #18068011. ", 
"I'm on HA, my listing says Home away service fee.", " ", "You have been processing payments without seeing the fee because the fee is added only to the first payment received since 2/16.   If your guests already had made a payment through HA payments before then, no fee will be assessed.   If you had a contract in place before 2/16 and the first payment was made outside of HA payments, you can call customer support and ask them to reverse the fee on the second payment if it is made through HA payments.  ", 
"Seriously, if HA is going to \"do the renting\" who will screen the renters?  No one", 
"While there may be perceived advantages in multiple discussion/protest sites, it could simply fracture and thus diminish any leverage we may have.", 
" ", "No, I wasn't intending to sound rude. Quite the opposite, I'm impressed by your level of contribution and would never have guessed you were not an HA/VRBO old timer.", 
"insurance                                    $471", 
"What a bunch of crap.  Becoming just like your competitor is NOT competing with your competitor.  It's making sure you DON'T compete so that consumers ultimately have NO choices. It's actually quashing competition. ", 
" ", " ", "If YOU were paying attention, you would see that you replied directly to my post. ", 
"- if HA plans to force people into following a set of rules, they need to communicate those rules to people and give them enough notice to find a plan B if they don't want to follow them, that's just good business and people like doing business with businesses who have a heart (this is where the negative PR comes in to play and so far, HA hasn't done anything to shield themselves from the reality of what is happening", 
"HA handled this implementation very, very poorly and has left a lot of people hanging as a result. They didn't give people enough time to diversify their listing portfolio  because they didn't want to lose subscribers. That's clear to me.", 
"Thank you. ", "", " ", "I've always been crazy but it keeps me from going inside.", 
"The terms are in link", " ", "I must admit that for the past few months I was unhappy with the changes that HA was implementing, but come on guys, I think its time to restore faith and give these guys the credit that they deserve. ", 
" ", " ", "Home Away / VRBO is what is called an \"ecosystem\" business model.  While operating in a different market sector, a good example of a well-executed ecosystem business model is Google - it understands what it should \"give away,\" and what it should sell.  Of course, the reality is Google never really gives anything away without receiving substantially more value in return.  However, since much of that value is \"information,\" those donating the information don't feel the pinch.", 
" ", "mjanocik wrote:", " ", "I have since removed the e-check option", 
" ", "", "What you call Views to Contacts is Contacts (numerator) divided by Views (denominator).  For that ratio to go from 2.6% to .8 % (for ALL the US), then either Inquiries have dropped,or views have increased. We already know from the first analysis, that Inquiries have dropped..  I also can't imagine a 3X increase in Views because travelers are flocking to the site to see the new Service Fee.", 
"I have fewer inquiries but more bookings on one of mine. BUT, 33% of those bookings are actually sourced from other site. Have fewer looks also compared to last Jan. ", 
" ", " ", "Its not just you - its everyone.", "", "In addition, we have a City Ordinance that has certain requirements owners must meet prior to renting to a guest.  How are you going to work around that?", 
"Sharples dudn't care.", "$2,199.99", " ", "", "Hopefully Expedia-HA-VRBO will start to appreciate that traditional vacation rentals properties do not especially fit well into a transaction business model.", 
" ", " ", "VRBO/HA include an often incorrect rent amount, their fee, and tax only on the rent portion of the total.  They don't advise the traveler of the extra $6-12 of tax owed on their fees.  ", 
"Just for fun. Let's say HA charged users $100 flat fee to use the site. A one time annual fee, like COSTCO or a shopping club. Under the \"entire amount\" interpretation you are using, if they rented from you, the entire cost they paid would be rent plus $100 (yeah, and it get real ugly when you would have to pro-rate the membership over an unknown number of rentals.) And I don't think that's the case.", 
" ", " ", "", " ", "I called this morning and the lady was very nice and provided me with excellent service.  My entire time on the phone was 3 mins; 37 secs !!  I could have had it all put on my credit card, but chose to downgrade (dropped the US bundle) and have that 299 put back onto my debit card.", 
" ", " ", "JUst ust like that. ", "Just opened the ticket with VRBO help. Ran a test as traveler for reservation 6 mos out (Sep). Noticed that although I had eCheck in my HA payments, eCheck is NOT presented at all as an option to traveler when they go through \"book it now\" check out. I do not know if this is a recent vintage with advent of the fee (because HA wants the fee charged to a CC), or something related to BIN. either way, traveler SHOULD be able to pay by echeck for reservation that is 6 months out.", 
" ", "These, to me, are examples of inconsiderate neighbors . ", 
"I Believe you will be paying 20% off the top to vrbo. ", " ", 
" ", " ", "Laundry service?  Included", " ", "I don't think it's too late.", 
" ", "I'm not sure what I should do, or who I should contact.", 
"who makes these policies?????", " ", "\"Property listings should not direct travelers to third-party websites.\"", 
"I'm not a lawyer. I don't think that's correct. Other listing sites are competitors, not 3rd parties. 3rd party is an additional entity involved in a transaction, not a replacement for the original entity.", 
"Note: I vet all of my guests who I book via AirBnB.  It's really no different than accepting a \"book-it-now\" with HomeAway.  I get the mailing address, phone number, and e-mail address of all my guests as part of my rental terms.  If I'm not satisfied with the guest for whatever reason, I can cancel.", 
"A taxi cab company owner from Florida.", " ", "Hello Sunny,", 
"What is that thing where you put your hand over your mouth and cough but all the time you are saying BUl&#$*@.", 
" ", "", " ", "You'd be amazed how many people have their FB privacy settings on \"public\". I can actually see about 90% of them!  Plus my business partner is a real estate broker, so I have a few other tools at my disposal.  ", 
" ", "VRBO refuses to acknowledge this error or to address it.", 
"It just shows the convoluted thinking going on. Why would they turn travelers off by making them think, you turn down bookings,? whether you do or don't, it is not for the traveler to wonder exactly what that statement means to their inquiry.", 
" ", "regards,", "http://skift.com/2016/03/16/expedia-ceo-marriott-and-hiltons-direct-booking-moves-will-hurt-them/?utm_campaign=Daily+New…", 
" ", " ", " ", "A variation on the \"rent to your dog\" advice in another thread. ", 
"I've been on Air for about 4 years.  For the first year, I hardly EVER got an inquiry or booking.  However, in recent time, it's been picking up.  I still get most from HA/VRBO, but Air inquiries tend to \"fill in the holes\".  ", 
" ", "Drops the microphone.......", "Maybe there was a \"most popular\" sort option, and maybe \"best match\"??", 
"Also, here is perhaps the best revenge against a scammer ever...  The article is a bit long but it's definitely worth reading!", 
" ", "But tomorrow it may say \"service fee\". Casey explained it is dynamically assigned to about 50% of listings any given time. ", 
"Ask them to check your listings to see if they are set up for payment on check in or advance payments. If a subscription, it qualifies for advance payment if you are in good standing. But if you switch from PPB to subscription, the payment variant is not reset. There is no info about that offered when you switch, no help files about this nor documentation. You have to stumble upon it and spend 40 minutes on the phone with support that is always very kind but, gee.", 
"Thanks for the info. Membership pending in the FB group, and I have a lot of work to get to today, looks like. : 0", 
"", " ", "I hit enter and it posted and I couldn't post again for x amount of time.  I may have made the Forum gods angry....", 
"While I am sure there are exceptions that produce a substantial profit, I think those numbers are fairly accurate for a property doing a little bit better than most VRs. Basically most of us are giving away both the use of the property and our time and labor for the benefit of the listing sites and credit card processors.", 
"HA/VRBO                                   $2,700", 
" ", "I don't think he has to worry about that. Contractually, he's only obligated to remain at HA for one year from the sale. He'll be out the door in November. He's already gotten a seat on the BOD for GoDaddy. Expedia will probably bring in their own people.", 
"1) The fee is not clearly marked as a Homeaway charge", "Look again.. It's important to be correct when you are being smarmy like that..  ", 
" ", " ", " ", "Thanks Tom, we appreciate your time!", "They complained within 3 days that the kitchen sink was draining slowly. We went upstairs, plunged it, poured some of my lye crystals down, and it continued to slowly drain. They said they were fine with it being that way since they eat out alot.", 
" ", "This is where I saw the terms as well. I realize that HomeAway will now make the decision about refunding a disputed Security Deposit, but they don't say anywhere how they will pay the guest if they choose to side with the guest. In other words, they can they take my money back? That the guest already paid me?", 
"How and when will VRBO/HA notify affected Owners?  Suggestion: The pop-up banners already used to forewarn of pending expiration could (and should) include timely messaging.", 
" ", "'Back in the day' the big hype was 'virtual tour', unfortunately it took a Month of Sundays to load. Death nail to a VR website.  With that in mind, I am scared of videos *at this time*.  Anyone that has a video, please keep us posted!", 
"Do you have an official response yet from FLDOR in writing?", 
" ", "I think not. If this isn't grounds for a class action, I don't know what is.", 
" ", "Between credit card chargebacks, bad checks, HA having control of taking money back out of your account and all the other scamming going on, it is hard to stay on top of everything", 
"How did you do that Wendy?  Don't you use ReservationManager??", 
"And credit cards can be stolen.  ", "“Consumers are also very savvy so I would imagine that we will see a resurgence of the billboard effect where consumers check the direct property management website prices and may end up booking directly after seeing their inventory on a distribution channel to avoid the above the line fees charged by the channels,” said BookingPal’s Aydin. “This could be a big win for both the channels and the property managers.”", 
" ", "Hi All", "But The answer for me, in the past, was using the PayPal system, is that in the 12 years or so of using PayPal, I have never been scammed.", 
"Again, this speaks volumes about HA's commitment to individual owners as compared to PMs. ", 
" ", "", " ", "I'm well aware of that.", "5.91%", "No service fee attached to the previous T&C's contract, therefore, service fee CAN be waived. This is according to YOUR contract. If you don't abide the terms of your own contract, then you are in breech of contract and legally liable. Agreed?", 
"they are trying to do it now, but sometimes you can't force a square peg into a round hole. ", 
"What we know for certain is that VRBO's subscription listing model, the one started by VRBO founder  David Clouse 20 years ago, definitely works very well (for traditional vacation rental property).", 
"Obvious scam email. There is no way that HA's \"job\" is what that email described. Now if it had said \"our job is to suck every last drop of blood possible out of you\" I would have said, yeah, that sounds right.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Perhaps the most ironic thing is that, although much of the accounting people talk of here is problematic, one thing that is easily supported as a justified business expense is consultation and fees to tax professionals and attorneys - because the IRS notes it as central to conduct of business and an expected expense.", 
"Specifically statutorily excluded from the tax is insurance fees which are insurance premiums.  The statute also caps those costs of premiums/fees at 8% of the total cost of the trip they are insuring, even where they insure for hurricanes.", 
"I'm ok with the strict policy -- 50% refund up to one week out -- because my ABB rentals are usually off-season when the house is often empty.   And losing 50% of the rent is a big deal for most travelers, so they don't do it willy-nilly.", 
"ABB collects all the applicable tax does all the submission where I am.  HA hasn't even thought about how to assess the tax.", 
" ", "I totally agree with you and would love to hear a definitive answer from Tom explaining the reasoning behind these charges.", 
"So Tom's suggesting that owners steer potential guests who balk at the HomeAway Service Fee to this page … where all these \"guarantees\" are listed as FREE?", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", "So its pretty obvious that no traveler visiting a CBR property is going to pay any HA fees.", 
"I am dealing with the same thing. My neighbor used to have an invisible fence but stopped servicing it and her 100+ lb pointer is all over the neighborhood, in my yard, front doorway, once in my garage. The poor guy is going to get hit by a car. My renter is scared to walk her dogs. I left a letter for the owner in her mailbox and she ignored me. A few weeks later, I called animal control. Now, the dog is on leash but I think her kids hit my mailbox to retaliate. A mess!", 
"The traveler pays a 6% to 9% service fee when using Yapstone for payments, subscription or not.  Then in additional to that the owner pays 8% which is deducted from the payment that goes to your bank account. What I am not sure about is if there is an additional 3% for the cc fee. I thought they were talking about reducing the owner fee to 5% plus the cc fee so that might be the 8% total fee. Anyone know for sure?", 
"[...]", "4.  Hide the fee:   We're good with that too.  If you rightly claimed it, our bookings would suffer.  We don't mind a bit if travelers are led to believe we're getting those $$$.", 
"2) Create some kind of \"Loyalty Program\" that rewards owners who maximize my profits by reducing the owners fees.", 
"Administrative fee?  Included", "Step three - Implement traveler reviews ", 
" ", "Under the T&C notices shall be by USPS.", " ", "So, VRBO is planning to reimburse all people who make a fake booking outside of vrbo but think it's real? The fraudsters will exploit the hell out of that one. Why would you interject yourself into a phishing booking? The IRS doesn't intervene when people fall for IRS Scams.", 
"Im sure the boss' videotape \"lessons learned\" speech doesnt help things either - where he shows how other companies have closed up shop by disrupting their own success too much - and then sells out based on repeating the same error.", 
"", "The third party is anybody not primarily involved in the agreement. That could be a competitor or not. If you are one of the two parties to an agreement, (as owners are in their agreement with HA), you are by definition not a third party. ", 
" ", "A chiropractor.", "Travelers have been getting scammed for years, but HA hid the news until they found a way to make money on it. They HA is just a new type of legal \"scammer\".", 
" ", "I contacted Evolve a few months back with the thought of listing with them and I'm now on their email list so I received this letter earlier today.  The email mentions the ABB service fee paid by owners several times. What service fee? The only fee I pay ABB is to process cc payments. I expect a cc processing fee as a cost of doing business. Side note: Raising fee to 2.9% to accept AmEX was acceptable except AmEX still isn't accepted yet fee stayed at 2.9%. It's still a reasonable cc processing fee, IMO.", 
" ", "..................sending shivers up my spine...........", 
"Sammy Chloe should be at the top of the list on that link.  Click on it and send a friend request.   Then I'll accept it, and then add you to the FB group to discuss these issues.", 
" ", "Message was edited by: Joan L    UPDATED", " ", " ", 
"Based on previous years bookings, I would know when my prime weeks will book, and when my secondary weeks and shoulder weeks will book as well.", 
" ", "They need to get the \"heck\" out of the way, they are standing in between people who don't want them there, trying to maintain a role for themselves as a middleman.", 
"I hope I'm sure this helps! ", "HA has it in their mind that it is time to get their fair share of the rent money.  I dont think that they care which properties rent, as long as something - anything is rented thru HA.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", " ", "http://www.419eater.com/html/joyce_ozioma.htm", 
" ", "Who cares?   \"A rose by any other name.....\"", " ", 
"vacationhomerentals", "Who will fix the prices? HA", "Just my opinion (as always . . . .).", 
"How would they know? I don't suppose you used the same email that you use for HA login as this forum's login? ", 
"Sage,", "total expenses                           $52,871", 
"If they were competing with ABB, they'd lose the traveler fee, or have one that is much lower; they'd lose the subscription fee for owners, and PPB.  They NOT control the administration of our rentals just like ABB does.", 
"Unbelievably this is the Drizzle I have just got back after sending them my email.", 
"2) The fee is too much on top of what we pay for subscriptions already", 
" ", "- Mr Secrets wants for you to keep a lid on it but in reality, the if the story were told truthfully, it reeks of corporate greed and customer abuse... People don't like corporate greed and many people will go out of their way to spend their money with businesses who treat their customers respectfully and without wearing their greed on their sleeves", 
"Forcing these changes onto paying subscribers without giving them notice WILL ABSOLUTELY cause some people to lose their homes. And it's not just the fee I am taking about. Best Match is really what is hurting people's rental volume on HA and it absolutely has impacted mine. And I have paid for premium subscription. Thankfully I own my home outright and don't have a mortgage payment to meet. Thankfully. I am certain that I am not receiving the same premium positioning that I was in years past and I have the analytics to prove it. Somewhere along the line, the subscription based \"pay for positioning\" algorithm was changed, and from what I have been able to piece together, ij the dark. It appears that high volume PMs are receiving the positioning that I used to get. But I am still paying a premium for it. ", 
"I was enjoying a glass of wine while preparing dinner and wondered if it was influencing my reading/memory.", 
" ", " ", "Edit: Last word should be insane. Unless you're in MN in the winter.", 
"Remember that the first step a complaining guest must take is to do a chargeback.  So you will first have to defend yourself against a chargeback.   Since Yapstone charges you $25 for the chargeback on each payment (and the service fee is a separate payment), that might be $75 right there for two payments + service fee.  If you ask for arbitration on the chargeback, that costs $250, and then there is another $250 fee if you appeal a negative arbitration decision.   ", 
" ", "I know that quite a lot of us think that we are financial geniuses and are true experts in the VR industry, but are we? I know that I own a successful VR and manage to book out around 50 weeks a year and show a good profit, but does this empower me to give advice and orders to people who really do know what they are talking about?", 
" ", "Do you own FL property?", "The key to executing a successful ecosystem business model is to build and nurture a \"fulcrum\" in the middle, and then build the levers (things that deliver profit) to lay across the fulcrum.  In a services ecosystem, the marginal profit from those levers is amazing, and that is why when done right, it is a very good business model.  The hopefully not too subtle point to embrace here is to realize that success, a business must protect its fulcrum.  That is where Home Away and VRBO executives are falling short.", 
"there have been owners that wrote similar statements on their page and their page was deactivated and they were notified by email.", 
"I've never really understood breaking out the cleaning fee.  We don't break out HOA fees, cable tv fees, linen fees, insurance fees, etc.    It's just part of our rent.  I would never allow a guest to opt out of having my VR cleaned. ", 
" ", "E-checks have always been no safer or faster than paper checks as far as clearing goes.  Where they are better is preventing against the old \"check is in the mail\" line.  At least you know when the payer has done his part and then you have 10 days (with ReservationManager) for it to clear.", 
" ", "", "What is missing of course, is the actual numbers that are used in the ratio.  What I believe those numbers will show is that travelers are rejecting the Service Fee in large numbers, and finding other ways to book the properties, just as they did before HomeAway.   My market is healthy with an 80% occupancy rate, so the travelers are making the bookings someplace, just not on HomeAway.  ", 
" ", "I have had my own site for 15 years and always used PayPal.  They have a system that they will advise you to hold confirmation till the CC has been verified.", 
"Yes!  HomeAway wants all of its owners (or suppliers as they view us) to accept credit cards but does NOTHING to tell owners how to do this safely.  Yapstone is educating property managers but not owners.  We need to pay attention to what Yapstone says owners should do to prevent chargebacks in the first place.  Keep in mind that HomeAway blocks the inquirer's phone number and email in inquiries for listings that are PPB and that Tom Hale has intimated that HomeAway may do this if too many owners and travelers take their bookings outside of HomeAway to avoid the service fee.  Mr. Hale said this is <\"abusing the marketplace.\">", 
"Below is my analytics page.   It shows the same cliff, which happens to coincide with the service fee introduction (circled in red).", 
"First pic  last year, second one this year.", "After 9 years with HA, I see no future for my property and most others.  I will not jeopardize my position in the community due to non-compliance with my City to meet your rules!", 
"I wouldn't care either if I knew in 9 months, I can retire with millions of dollars.", 
"$2,200.00", "To be fair, Casey cannot revert an owner to the prior terms because Casey is customer service, which isn't empowered regarding any T&C change.  And, no one has actually correctly requested the prior terms or procedures.", 
"", "With the closed off booking process AirBnb uses, and Homeaway/VRBO might?/will? consider, there is no opportunity for a host and guest to develop any rapport until accept booking is pressed or watching the expiration time to accept dwindle waiting for potential guests responses. ", 
"LOL, Sage you made me laugh out loud!  I agree with your assessment, it should read \"Our job is to help you make the biggest return on investment for Homeaway then I would believe it.", 
"http://skift.com/2015/02/25/homeaway-ceo-downplays-booking-com-as-a-european-competitor/", 
"If they cannot be bothered to quote correctly, they really shouldn't quote at all.", 
"I have not consulted either my state or my accountant. This is just my gut as a guy who ran a company for a couple decades and never, ever, ever paid any tax on \"revenue\" that did not come into my bank account.", 
"kdhbreeze wrote:", " ", "", "ABB apparently collects and remits tax in a handful of locales. In the rest of locations  - you are on your own.  It would be nice if they at least had a line item for local tax (where you plug in tax rate and it calculates the tax amount and adds to the quote). I have no problem remitting taxes myself. However, not being able to clearly include them in pricing, IMO does 2 things:", 
"I am so impressed I was barely on hold and to have the whole thing resolved so quick was amazing.  But I am going to at least remove my debit card from my account.  And turn off auto-renew. ", 
" ", " ", "So VRBO spends their bazillions on ads. They say that they improved quality of inquiries. Could not tell, since I wasn't getting any since fee. Finally -y-day get this:", 
"", " ", " ", "A recent duscussion. Note that Tonya from HA replied, you'll have to look for her response", 
" ", " ", " ", "AC energy fee?  Included", " ", "The fee was first implemented February 17 … only a little over 3 weeks ago. It's not too late for HA to reverse course on this terrible idea. No one should resign themselves to the fact that the fee is a done deal. It doesn't have to be … and we shouldn't accept it as written in stone.", 
" ", "But one of my biggest questions is this.... How did this person Stephan(fake manager) know what dates that Bill was searching for on VRBO, and know the location that he has been searching?  How did this person then get Bills email to even email him? Where is the system broken down?", 
" ", "when I called today to complain, it was made VERY CLEAR TO ME that brian Sharples represents Expedia now and not HA. I've spent seven years building their business for them via advertising my home in Costa Rica for rent exclusively thru vrbo. I cannot tell you HOW MANY PEOPLE I have steered towards that company over the years. I have always paid for full Platimum listing and done whatever i could to do my part. I feel used. ", 
"But it is okay for HomeAway to direct travelers away from homes w/o BIN to homes with the BIN icon....even though BIN is an \"option\"!  ", 
"Seems like this change may be a precursor to the traveler reviews that are supposedly on their way.", 
"While AirBnB are as guilty as HomeAway and VRBO for driving the cost of travel up (with their huge booking fees), there are a few things that can be said about them:", 
"Several teachers.", " ", "I have tried the Special Offers and they did not work for us. It is not just the money wasted for the special. I think you block them out of mind like a pop up ad automatically because most people don't feel that it will be what they are searching for anymore than the search they are already doing. What I did find that will get some response is to edit your headline to indicate what special you are offering. They will see that as they scan for a property.", 
"I Read the blog post and it is in agreement with a post I wrote late last night that was deemed the longest post in the history of this forum, lol. I am an executive level marketing' advertising and PR professional with a specialty in travel (branding) and also in their customer retention programs. I understand all of the points that this blog post made and agree with them with one exception. I don't believe the post gives enough thought to the role of or due respect to the vacation property owners, who ultimately consent to list with a single or several Vacation home booking sites. And this listing is the sole generator of revenue for these sites who own, at this point a least, zero tangible vacation property assets. Your customers provide you with the ability to generate 100% of your revenue.", 
" ", "We'll have to agree to disagree. Travelers paying $6500+ per week likely don't want the back and forth of renting from an owner. A property manager is not going to decline to book or put a lot of stipulations on renting a VR.", 
" ", "I'm just not a fan of FB but I'm glad you guys are organizing outside of this community. Best of luck. Like Thaxterlane said … stay strong ", 
"yes", "It seems to me that something is broken, and no matter how many booking requests I accept, my score will never change. This, of course, damages my Best Match position. So I'm paying $1300 a year for a platinum listing, and still my position will be lower because of an error on VRBO's part that it has refused to deal with, despite multiple calls to customer service and multiple emails documenting the issue.", 
"HA needs to treat owners fairly, not these vindictive methods of ridicule.", 
" ", "tom ", " ", " ", "Most don't leave HA, they just add a new site or two to diversify and accept the diminishing returns from HA. Something is better than nothing. ", 
" ", "It's becoming apparent that Homeaway is working exceptionally hard - burning the midnight oil! - to coerce owners into adopting the new policies and procedures.", 
"Just throw a listing open....use pics you already have, copy/paste verbiage you already have.  You could have a basic listing up in by tomorrow.", 
" ", "As stated above, I have a platinum subscription.", "It was a mess - the worst part as I recall was that sometimes in the tests they would eliminate many of the popular sort options such as \"high to low\" or \"low to high\".", 
"same scam", "So now we have to watch what we say because you are monitoring our comms. That is just great. What a good company to be involved with.", 
"The fee was called \"HomeAway service fee\" on my listings for about a week and a half starting about 2 weeks ago and has now reverted to \"service fee\".", 
"To check and reset if needed, call support to find out what the setting is, then to request a change have them transfer you to the payment processor by phone where you have to ask them to change it. They will then petition the credit people to see if you qualify.", 
"H/A claimed they sent a e-mail to everyone. I did receive the e-mail. The one time I read it completely I found it buried way down at the bottom and you really had to read between the lines to figure out what they were and now are doing.", 
"", "I respect your optimism, but I think it's a bit misplaced.", 
"Nope, I used a different email.  But trust me, they know who I am.  Long story… that happened when we had a great forum moderator in place.  She was very helpful at the time.  Those were the good ol days.  Who knew that all this \"stuff\" would happen?  I could have used another word instead of \"stuff\" - both words begin with a \"S\".    ", 
" ", "Wow, those are great numbers but do you accept majority of people who request a stay?. I decline 5 out of 7 according to HA and they are not far off. My business has gone from these numbers to zero since service fee. Maybe I need to sell my country house and buy a city condo!", 
" ", " ", "3) The fee removes Homeaways competitive advantage over Booking.com, Airbnb & Expedia.", 
"Secrets 11 Mar 15, 2016 11:32 PM (in response to patpat922)", 
" ", " ", " ", "This is encouraging data, but the question still remains how many of the traditional bookings that folks took offline are now showing up as online bookings?  Did you have a metric to count offline bookings before or were these not visible for properties that did not use RM?", 
"A day later they text and say that the sink won't drain at all now. We called a sewer and drain service, on a Sat nite, on the Presidents Day weekend. The company fella came and did his job. He called me back and said all is well. I asked what the prob was....he said that the renters had peeled an ENTIRE 10 lb bag of potatoes and stuffed all those peels down the disposer over two days. ", 
"There are time when the path to tranquility in the face of overwhelming stress is so very  simple........", 
" ", "Hoping that you intend to apply the same level of gusto to full disclosure that you've demonstrated in punitive policing of listings, of late.", 
" ", "Hill:  I'm hardly the gold standard, but the email, and website bear the name of the complex, and I have been  contact by other owners renters to 'report' something, or complain about another owner.  The name/brand might be working.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "Robin", " ", "I'm starting to understand the need for some kind of ID, such as a driver's license or passport -- for both owner and guest.  I, however, do not have the skill to know if a driver's license or passport was fake.  And someone would need to meet the guests to make sure that the picture ID matched the face.  ", 
"That's the point. he is high paid executive with unlimited check book who books that way  - if wifey wants THAT house, he will rent THAT expensive house. My travelers are not his typical  Martha's Vinyard renting crowd. Not all VRs are in places like Martha's Vineyard, frequented by rich and famous. My travelers are middle and lower middle class folks who often save up all year to go on a fam vacation.  I think HA execs  severely overestimated \"price elasticity\" and  \"willingless\" of MAJORITY of travelers to pay any more additional fees. It is just not there .", 
" ", "I've been trying to read through various threads.  Has anyone been able to get a response, other than the boilerplate ones, on why long-time members of VRBO have had their page views and inquiries plummet ?", 
"In this day and age, there is not reason for this to happen with the checks and balances in place to catch that.Especially since these scam artists are staying in our vacation homes and rentals.", 
" ", " ", "", "You do of course get the great advantage of appearing nearer the top when people search - whereas those who have not enabled HA payments appear on page 200 and guests are bombarded with emails saying how risky it is to book properties that don't use HA payments...", 
"I would.", "$2,299.99", "Correct. I tried. No luck.", "What this does is erode the existing portfolio of HA, driving the bulk from being single-site  listing properties to a more diversified portfolio, which significantly dilutes the \"competitive advantage\" that HA mentions.", 
" ", " ", "Thank you for the links.", "HA posted multiple times that tax on service fee is their responsibility. I guess they are supposed to back it out of total amount of fee collected and remit. There is a link here someplace about that. ", 
" ", " ", "But, again, that only addresses trip insurance that is insurance, not BS \"guarantees\" or \"traveler services\" which are NOT actual insurance and are treated by the state as booking fees, which are taxed the same as rent and other fees.", 
"  ", "1. If I add tax to the nightly rate, it makes my rate look higher than other owners in my area who (likely) do not bother collecting tax (making my listing less competitive). Possibly also increases traveler commission as now commission would be calculated not only on nightly rate, but on rate + tax.", 
" ", "Tom has mentioned that if the fee is marked as HA \"we will loose bookings\", but my question is why, please explain yourself.", 
"Then what is the owner supposed to say? How does the owner respond to the traveler's next response ... \"But the link you sent me says the guarantee is free?\".", 
"We are looking for family friendly places. We have 4 adults, a 4 month old, a 1 year old, and a 4 year old looking for a place may 5-8 which is mothers day weekend. Do you guys offer any deals like 3rd night free?", 
"There is no profit margin in e-check.  Interestingly I still see it as a payment option in my settings menu in the dashboard.", 
"Once on the CBR website it is clear that no HA fees will be stuck to the traveler:", 
"Meanwhile, all was quiet until the house behind me was bought. This new neighbor allows her dog to stand at the fence line which is 10 ft from my pool and bark nonstop for sometimes 30+ minutes at a time, almost daily. She ignores it because she needs peace from him when in the house she says. The dog escaped one day and I helped the owner track it down in another neighborhood, I asked if she could get control the barking but she says she doesnt know what to do and has tried everything which is nonsense. I have yappy dogs and I have taught them not to bark  and I dont leave them outside unattended to bark. I had to call AC. It might be a while before anything is done. The dog still charges to my fence line and barks at me, my family, my tenants. Im not sure what to do. People who cant live in their property lines in 1/2 to 2 acre lots make me mad.", 
" ", "With all due respect...it is true.  I have neighbors and know other owners around the island who have experienced this.", 
"5.  Leave us to explain & justify your fee:  We have no problem with this either.  You've given us such a clear definition to work with...   the fact that it keeps morphing is no biggie.", 
"That would be my strategy.", " ", "Step four (goal) … Restrict communications between traveler and guest until after bookings are confirmed.", 
"While I agree with you, I have a feeling HA (or the ones that have \"little\" to lose... and I'm talking about the ones who will make the most money and not the small worker there) is going for the all out approach.", 
"(Though they may notice you solely by email.)", " ", "i Just don't understand what you guys are doing over there!", 
"If you are waiting for a response & a thank you from Mr. Sharples, do not hold your breath.  If you complain, Mr. Sharples does not hear.  He has made it perfectly clear that he is running the ship.", 
"", "They are. Probably May? ", " ", " ", "Why not spend some money educating travelers on how to avoid scams?", 
"Also, I think any charity soliciting you is probably not representative of the charity but possibly an employee of the charity looking for a cheap rental. You incur all the costs without there being a directed benefit to those you are trying to help. Rent out your place and then make a donation to the charity you support.", 
" ", "Comical failure.", "Do you think Beyonce rented the 10K per night home directly from an owner? It's more likely she had her people arrange with the owner's people for the rental.", 
"I'm adding folks as fast as I can, so please be patient.  Thanks!   BUT...If you're having trouble finding or getting added, then post in the thread here and let me know.   https://community.homeaway.com/thread/52732", 
"I always check FB when vetting and I snort loudly when I can see all their posts, cus they are PUBLIC!!!!!! ahahahaha", 
"Me too. I'm actually surprised that Home Away had kept this blog going. But, it's probably the only way they can see what we are up to and how disgusted we are with them.", 
" ", " ", "If I \"go with the program\" Homeaway is proposing, can I rely on my bookings coming in as usual?  There has been a  regular rhythm to it, year after year. ", 
" ", "The reason the OTA had success to begin with is because in the early 2000s the technology was such that it was expensive and difficult for the reservations systems of the individual companies to link (car with air with hotel).", 
"Edited because we cannot say a word that starts with \"p\" and rhymes with crosstitutes!", 
"jdgreggor wrote:", " ", "Becoming?  Thaxterlane, that has been apparent for a year and a half.", 
"I too am new to AirBnB.  But I am willing to give it a try.  I have had no guests yet from that site. But I have an older group scheduled for October.  I have had a few inquiries, but since I was a newbie, it was a learning experience, but that was it.  Two were from people I simply could not vet and they had no reviews.  Thus, I declined their request to book.  One would not agree to sign a rental agreement after booking, even though AirBnB encourages owners to use their own rental agreement.  I have only had the listing since October.  I have heard that the majority of people that use this site are Millennials.  My rental is probably too expensive for them and I am not about to lower my rates to accommodate them. Not to mention that 50% of the listings are for \"rooms\" and not whole houses. ", 
" ", "Have been a member since 2012 and only am open for business from May through September.", 
" ", " ", " ", "I guess full disclosure is a variable thing with HA.  I am having no hesitation in informing my potential guests who the fee is \"owned\" by.  If HA is so cowardly as not to disclose it, I will.", 
" ", "I jumped on AirBnB don't like it. Three months and only one request that was a bunch of kids wanting to party.", 
"What percent of the income will they receive.   A lot", " ", 
"Hi there:", "I believe most owners are making at least a little bit of annual profit from their property. But even then, if they want to properly manage it, the property will need ", 
"DO NOT FEED THE MONSTER (HA-VRBO)", "Real competition puts downward pressure on prices and causes companies to come up with ways to lure consumers away from their competitors.    They don't become just like their competitors!", 
"I shall reply.......Thank you or your very long and interesting, and Enduring Email, it still does not answer my Question of why, (this is all I want to know, just this one thing) why my Listing is now Below (One Hundred and Fifty of them) all the Homes that have the Booking Online Facility in place............Why?", 
" ", "", "- just as people going online to research and rent vacation homes are customers, YOU are also a customer, and you are the reason HA even exists; without the ability to list and rent your home, HA doesn't have ANY way to derive ANY revenue, they have no assets; without a vacation home owner there is no vacation home and without a vacation home there is no millennial renting vacation homes. True story. ", 
"News stories about corporate greed make big headlines, most of all when there is concrete proof that innocent people were injured. How would you feel if you read news stories in six or twelve months about people whose vacation homes were foreclosed upon because they were not treated fairly by HA? I don't think it will foster and warm and fuzzy feelings for people when they read about it.", 
"Ok, it was my second glass of wine - it's a complicated dinner . . . . ", 
" ", " ", " ", "So, even if eventually HA decides for you, you lose. ", 
" ", "Maybe, just maybe the latest service fee can deliver some good returns to us via additional traffic being sought towards HA and ultimately towards your VR. In an earlier post today I mentioned that at first I was quite shocked by the Best Match sort order, but looking back in retrospect and comparing month on month results compared to 2015, I think that it might be working in my favour.", 
"Totally understand! Google has now hit the scene with \"optimize\" for instant articles. It's going to be accessible ( if it's not already) to all WP sites. It basically does what you just mentioned - strips all the headers and side bars etc.. to a bare minimum for a lightening speed load on mobile. It's a huge advancement. I won't pretend to understand what it all means, but here's a resource : Leslie has some inside out details.", 
"enough said!", "I suspect rather than embracing the fulcrum of the model, which in their case is over 1.2 million property owners that pay in excess of $500 million a year to list their properties, Home Away / VRBO executives are viewing their model as a simple \"Long Tail,\" (do a little Google work on that for a better understanding) and the belief that with a fragmented customer base, there will be minimal resistance to the methods they choose to use to leverage that tail.", 
"I guess owners and PM's are being treated differently by HA.", 
"The difference, at least for me, is that the cleaning fee is a per booking charge whereas the others you mentioned are not related to a specific guest stay.", 
"An Incredible View", "You can't prevent them from paying by e-check when they receive a bill reminder from RM, but you can take a credit card up front for their initial payment deposit upon booking.  They are much less likely to intentionally bounce a check for the rental then because then you have their deposit and they have no place to stay -- they lose both ways.  That is what keeps us safe from all this and another reason it's good we handle it as we do.", 
" ", "I completely agree that they overestimated the willingness of travelers to pay the fee. ", 
"In response to your posting about contributing factors:", " ", 
" ", "<\"How do you prevent chargebacks?", "HA would most likely brush this off as stating it is comparing only MY particular VR against all US VRs.  They might claim that it shows my VR tanking, while other USA VRs are holding steady.", 
"It's not a pretty sight...   ", "You do of course get the great advantage of appearing nearer the top when people search - whereas those who have not enabled HA payments appear on page 200 and guests are bombarded with emails saying how risky it is to book properties that don't use HA payments...", 
"Retrieving data ...", "5.72%", " ", "", "It's a horrible catch-22 for a whole house property owner: repeatedly having to trust the person you are allowing to rent will do no harm. There's also no guarantee after accepting the reservation, even though AirBnb has vetted the guest, that a host will ultimately be comfortable with their own impression of an acceptable guest. ", 
"The phone number does not seem to go to HA, I called it from our work (my phone number is masked behind a main number).  An automated system answers and asks if someone in our household is over 50 years old.  I'm calling CS to see how they got my information but i suspect that it's spam.", 
"I have always kept my calendar updated, the owners that needed to be forced into it, were the lazy ones.", 
"They did post that here, but they are attaching the fee without the applicable tax, so guests are responsible for that extra money, and it's due from them at the transaction, which HA/VRBO attached to the rental transaction.", 
"If states want to collect lodging tax on the service fee, great! That tax would be paid by the fine folk who jammed that revenue into their pockets with their grubby little fingers.", 
"Not generalizing at all.  I'm merely noting business practices that are abnormal or very basically not in line with basic accounting principles or tax and business principles, like the above noted reference to reporting net income in place of gross income.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "Carol - thank you for answering. Would that be 5% of your quoted price or 5% of the total to the guest after the AirbnB booking fee has been added and does it include the payment processing? Thanks.", 
"2. If I do not add tax rate to rate, I have to send  a \"special offer\" to inquirer upping my overall price by the amount of tax. It may look like bait and switch to the inquirer. ", 
"So, moral of story, be sure you don't have a debit card stored!", 
" ", "Charge the fee, don't charge the fee, I don't care, as long as the bookings keep coming in.   What I can't seem to resolve is the blatant dishonesty. I am not one to lie with dogs..... fleas and all.  So even though VRBO is still working well for me, I have some things to consider.", 
"", "I do to, but apparently it is not shown to a traveler trying to book. ", 
" ", " ", "Re: FEE Starting in February????", " ", " ", " ", 
"I could add fees, a la Homeaway, to my business model.  I'm sure there are fees, in addition to the ones I've listed here, which could be added to increase my revenue.  ", 
" ", " ", "No, just email.  ", "thale", "EMAIL account check:", 
"I dont expect any response. The proof is in the pudding. My page views have dropped significantly and I have had exactly ZERO CONTACT from potential guests since February 18, when the guest fee went live. ", 
"and it's okay for HomeAway to bury and even deactivate paid listings if we don't comply, harming people's livelihoods.  But don't harm HomeAway's livelihood by using the free market!", 
"I hope your interpretation about our own websites is correct.  But what about 3rd party payment processors like Paypal or Square?  Are we in violation if we recommend use of those sites?   ", 
"Do I wish AirBnB would rot and die?  Most assuredly! -- I hate their business model.  It's bad for guests & owners (wrt. cost of travel).", 
"But many I remember because of something unusual. ", "If they can have detection methods to screen our messages and listings for \" language they don't like about the fee\" why haven't they weeded out the same worded Ukraine inquiries?", 
"Be very, very careful about donating to Wounded Warriors.  There are numerous problems with that organization. Most of their money does not go to ", 
"tomhale, perhaps you will address this in the April communication.", 
"I agree but I don't think there is room in the market for a hybrid subscription-transactional product at the rates that HA are currently charging. Considering that their competition does it all, and more, for almost free... Only charging a 3% commission to a homeowner per booking (which is less than the credit card processing fee I pay per transaction on HA) I think people will begin to migrate over to where the grass is the greenest. It won't take long for the reverberations from the last month to equate to an advantage for Airbnb.", 
"Beyonce is not a good example, for obvious reasons.", " ", 
"just requested to join.", "done", "Any suggestions?", "Many owners turn down requests. Over occupancy, underage etc.", 
" ", "", " ", "LOL....your killing me! That is too much. Yeah TOM....where you at DUDE? Thanks for the class act inquiries.", 
" ", " ", "I see Homeaway ratcheting up the pressure on owners in recent weeks.  Prior to implementation of the traveler fee, Homeaway was making noises about changes, but it was not clear what was ahead (in my opinion).  There isn't any point in disagreeing over the timeline though, is there?  We must stand together to convince Homeaway the new direction is going to drive owners and travelers away from the site.", 
" ", " ", "I have a 100% rating", "The last 6 months have been a nightmare of bad changes - its all seems to blur together into a fog.", 
"Thank for your response, we are glad that the dates are available, we certify with the price and we would love to book the dates. We are not at home at a moment, we are in Ukraine for a visit and we will be getting straight to your place for vacation, we are making the booking now to avoid any delay. We'll like to complete the reservation before we get back home in State. I'll contact Accountant to issue and mail a cheque for the full amount and send it through Regular Mail to you in order be assure of the reservation book, that is why we are making a full payment for the booking. So please provide me with the information needed below:", 
" I will be waiting to see if I get a response or if suddenly my listing gets taken down. Homeaway used to be the best, but now, not so much brian. Obviously , owners have much at stake when their business is their home. I want you to know that for the first time, I removed my auto renew, cc details, and will not renew at platinum level but maybe at classic.", 
"Dave", "Support said that the change from deferred to advance payment should apply retroactively to outstanding bookings. Not sure I believe that.", 
"FlipKey sucks don't go there.", "How much will we get?  Very little.", 
"Honestly, changing their business model from listing site to booking site was far less offensive to me than the manner in which they did it, as well as the fact that they converted to a booking site and want to insist they are still a listing site, down to quoting my guests amounts that short the applicable tax.", 
" ", "periodic upgrade investments.", "Everyone..", " ", " ", 
"Those are the real arguments here, rather than Homeaway are bloodsucking corporate vampires out to kill off it's vendors etc.", 
"", " ", "So you are mad that these actions are hurting your business?", 
"WINE! What Kinda WINE? I knew I liked you. My wife will like you.", 
"However when we look at the bookings per listing, we've seen a steady upward trend. For example, in January 2016, the bookings per listing grew 33%. This is very healthy considering that many hundreds of thousands of bookable listings became online bookable in 2015.", 
"I just shook my head and had to chuckle at the idiotic renters who did this when there was a STAINLESS STEEL COMPOST PAIL RIGHT NEXT TO THE SINK!!!!", 
"", " ", "If not?", " ", " ", "Yes, Im in FL. Last year, I booked up $10k for April. This year, $2k was a prior to service fee reservation. ", 
" ", "A couple weeks back I presented numerous examples of PM's avoiding the Service Fees just in our own complex. Nothing was done, as someone said, PM's are special because they bring many units to the table for HA. Soon VRBO will be known as VRBPM. Already in Florida well over half the listings are by PM's, this does not count where the listing says \"By Owner\" but in fact is a PM.", 
"I think all those fees are definitely related to specific guest stays.  It's just as easy to take your monthly cable bill, for example, and divide it by 30 days and multiply by 7 to arrive at a per-guest 7-day stay.  Frankly, I think some people started breaking out the cleaning fee years ago to give their listing a lower price appearance - kind of deceptive.  And now we're all kind of forced into it. ", 
"You are right, Carol.  I know that HA discourages wire transfers, but they seem to be more concerned about wiring money to a firm such as Western Union, rather than to an owner's personal bank account.  I am glad that I don't have last minute rentals and only take personal checks.  My final payment is due 45 days before the rental commences to make sure that there is enough time for the check to clear.", 
"It really bothers me that RM offers guests a choice of using Echecks with only 10 days to clear.  And as far as I know there is no option to not accept this unless you are using book it now...then it's only cc.", 
"What a mess!  ", "As someone who owns a four bedroom house on Martha's Vineyard I believe Brian Sharples is not very familiar with the rental market on Martha's Vineyard and how it differs from many rental markets across the country.", 
"There are many factors that could affect conversion rates: ", 
"I'm looking at sending a letter to some of the management team at VRBO/Homeaway but like to see if there has been any group action to the VRBO/Homeaway", 
"Maybe HA could work with PayPal.", "Taking time to implement best practices for chargebacks is the most important step to preventing them.", 
" ", " ", " ", "French's Ketchup, Made From Canadian Tomatoes, Back On Shelves At Loblaws", 
"$2,300.00", "as someone mentioned before, I don't think the service fee is what is hurting bookings. It's the BestMatch algorithm that has replaced the pay-for-placement algorithm that we \"bought\" when we signed up for our service or renewed. ", 
"we ARE the competitive advantage. And the strength of that competitive advantage is weakened when owners branch out and advertise properties elsewhere. ", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", "Same here. ", " ", "It makes it clear that sales tax must be paid on the <\"entire amount\"> but it does not say that one person must pay the entire sales tax.  HomeAway is the retailer of the service fee and is obligated to pay tax on the service fee.  I think HomeAway has stated more than once that it will be paying the sales tax on the service fee.  (IMO, of course)", 
" ", "Since HAVRBO wants to charge fees like AirBnB, but Air is more Owner-Friendly, then Why stay with HAVRBO?", 
"AirBnB normally charges an owner 3% of the rental price + owner fees -- it's like the cc fee on HA.  So, with super strict, you pay 5% instead.", 
" ", " ", "I hope this time the message is getting through to the HA management that a PR disaster has started......, but my other question is, when will it end?", 
" ", "1. May is already budget priced, and I do not have any higher than normal price for that weekend. ", 
"Due to the 24 hour approval window of BIN, credit cards are the only option.  HA puts a hold on the card.  The hold becomes a charge if the reservation is processed, or eventually drops off if the booking request is declined or expires.  Not possible with an e-check.  I'm in the process of adding up all the credit card fees I've coughed up since enabling BIN.  They definitely add up...   ", 
"\" It is here that you will find no hidden fees, no additional costs and no unexpected add-ons.  We understand that no one appreciates being nickled and dimed, which is why our all-inclusive pricing makes it easy for you when comparing prices of similar properties.  Not to mention Carolina Beach Realty is cheaper than competitors.\"", 
"How much land do you need to be considerate with the rest of us?", 
" ", "I, too, have not received an inquiry, either, since the FEE went into action. I'll be fine, though, for the rest of this year....I'll get along ...I'll let things take their course for the rest of this year...and see how things appear, then.  [Actually, the last inquiry was also \"way off\" base....requesting dates for a month-to-month longer term rental which my listing states is not offered). The \"traveler\" was needing \"housing\" for a job she was taking here....not a \"vacation rental\" experience.  So, of course, she was asking about a discount (month rate == I do not list a monthly rate on my ad because it states that I do not rent by the month)....and wanted to know if I'd waive certain other costs for her since she will not be a \"tourist\"...and does the month rent include \"el., water.\"....etc..  But, I digressed...sorry...but  making a point that many inquiries are so \"off\" when they do come in...with disregard for a rental's advertised terms and conditions, even updated calendar.", 
"6.  Set us up for credit card chargebacks:  So what if the Carefree Guarantee is poised to put us in the highly likely position of being hit with unjustified chargebacks?  No one minds, and we won't even be upset when Yapstone adds their multiple $25 fees on. ", 
"I would rely on owners to believe they wan something.  I would rely on owners to feel that the lower commission is somehow not so bad, forgetting about the entire point in the first place, I would rely on owner to believe they were somehow getting something for nothing.  ", 
" ", " ", "This does not mean we should give up our opposition, fight and pressure. After all, the reaction has been quite huge and appears to be growing in all circles.", 
"And here is my response to HA's legal counsel:", "Bill likely searched those dates and inquired of multiple properties and possibly through multiple search sites.", 
" ", "Didn't ya'll get the notification of this change?  [Sarcasm]", 
"See?", "But what about 3rd party payment processors like Paypal or Square?  Are we in violation if we recommend use of those sites?   ", 
"But in terms of the Evil Empire -- AirBnB is just \"Mini-Me\" to HomeAway's \"Dr. Evil\".", 
"One senior citizen that  rode a unicycle.", " ", "wounded warriors.  They have a very high overhead.  Go on line and check it out.", 
" ", " ", "I'm sure travelers would also like to be free to take home with them anything they like in the house...but they can't.", 
" ", " ", "Add me in.", " ", "Expedia.com to Showcase HomeAway Vacation Rentals", 
"In such a fluid system, will my property appear when guests are seeking to book their visit, or will my property be invisible?", 
"The scale should be five \"bubbles\" (or \"dots\") rather than \"stars\".", 
"expedia and Priceline are overlays to what is called a GDS, which stands for Global Distribution Systems. There are only four left. They were formed globally by airlines to enable code sharing, etc way back before the Internet was a thing and it was too expensive for the airlines to interface. So they joined together and formed these GDS.", 
"haha....  And the fisherman pay in fish, and the hunters pay in meat.", 
"Most don't leave HA, they just add a new site or two to diversify and accept the diminishing returns from HA. Something is better than nothing.", 
" ", "Tell it to people whose homes were blocked from searches for not being on BIN or HA payments and who had to pay a higher subscription rate, etc.  HomeAway has been using coercive and dirty tactics against homeowners in order to take control of their properties or a year and a half.", 
"The toughest part for me, is that I have no reviews on that site. I am certain that the older group coming in October will leave a review, but we are closing our doors at the end of the year, so a review that late in the year won't do much good. My husband and I just booked 3 nights thru AirBnB for a little getaway at the end of March.  I originally found the rental on VRBO, but found it also on AirBnB and decided to use that platform to see how it all works.  Hopefully the owner will review us and that might help a tad bit. I need to open more dates on the AirBnB calendar and will likely do that soon.  I have been using it only for the low-season which shows very few available dates. ", 
" ", "37 (5 star) reviews", "This thread provides out of date advice for owners on how to move up in the listings.  I can't just ignore it and let newcomers think this is what is the current advice.  ", 
"Your Full Name, Billing Address, City, State,Zip code, Email and Cell phone.", 
" ", "Moosetracks Family Cottages", " ", "Try and stay afloat there will be some new sites poping up. It will take some time for them to get going but they will.", 
"", " ", "Sorry Ambidextrous, that's not the case. Please refrain from spreading misinformation.", 
"My point is that I doubt the average vacation rental property produces enough revenue to allow for significantly higher annual expenses.", 
"1. remove any links you have to VRBO or HA", "It's all manipulation, sleight-of-hand, rhetorical gymnastics nonsense meant to dupe people.  What it is most definitely not is  free-market competition.", 
"Dear Alan,  Thank you for contacting VRBO.com Customer Support. I hope this finds you well. I am very sorry to hear of your plight with your properties. Unfortunately we are unable to manually move listings up the sort.  Since each traveler and search is unique, search results vary for each traveler. Within subscription levels, search placement is dynamic. This hasn’t always been the way search has worked on HomeAway, and we believe it’s left too many bookings unserved - either because travelers were overwhelmed by how long it took to find the right property, or owners were receiving too many inquiries that they could not accommodate. That waste of time on both sides of the booking is what HomeAway is dramatically reducing with dynamic search. Best match provides a more efficient experience for both owners, property managers, and travelers.  Best match is the combination of traveler preferences and the booking experience a listing provides. Best match will turn more lookers into bookers for our owners, and keep travelers coming back to HomeAway for each future trip, ensuring our entire shared marketplace thrives.   Our philosophy for determining search results:", 
"And the posters will take to facebook , twitter and so on and be even louder. Phhhhlease. maybe you missed it. HA don't care. HA  don't want our input, they don't want to negotiate. HA don't want to alter their course. They want the fee, and if in the process they will lose some \"inventory\" so be it. And by being lax of \"enforcing\" the \"listing guidelines\"  toward the PMs. that tells me all they want is PMs. We are just a nuisance, a small inconvenience. Until Sharples gets his windfall and rides off into the sunset with his millions, nothing will change. Other than we will get more lip service and spin. ", 
"", "someone astutely pointed out before that the service fee isn't what we should be concerned about, even though we may not like it. It's the best match algorithm and whether people are receiving the platinum positioning that they have paid for and have been promised. I have real doubts that I am receiving the positioning that I have been paying for and I base those doubts upon factual information, which is metrics comparing year over year over year; something has changed and that's for **** sure. i have been an early adaptor with HA service offerings of online payment processing, no hassle (for me) damage insurance in lieu of me collecting and holding and refunding deposits, which I don't want to do, and BIN bookings which lock in the renter for 24 hours and pretty much guarantee me the rental if i agree to rent to them. These things have all worked very well for me And have made me more successful and happy.", 
" ", "I'm working on a bottle of Merlot tonight.  ", " ", 
" ", "Shall I say \"laugh\" or \"cry\" of the day today?  Our current situation is indeed \"Grimm\"...", 
"We don't know whether HA will take the rent out of your account if they decide against you -- it remains to be seen.  I don't see anything in the Terms & Conditions that would allow them to do so, but they could write up new T&C today that permit it. ", 
" ", "Yes, some of these changes could have been communicated to us in a better way, with possibly the need for some discussion before implementation, but in the long run I feel the Brian and Tom have all our best interests at heart and we should be giving them credit and as much support as possible.", 
"becomeablogger.com", "90% of my rents are assessed 9% fee. ", 
"When you own the shopping center that has all the stores you are in an admirable and strong position.  However, if you abuse that position, as I think Home Away / VRBO are doing, you risk creating an environment of \"resentful bondage,\" and that never works out well.  While property owners may feel there are few good alternatives today, we are already seeing the market react to create releases from the bondage, and the problem for Home Away / VRBO is resentful people seldom return for a second dose.", 
"Oh so that was you . When I asked Hale what are they going to do about these PM listings, he said they will \"incent' the PMs.. Uh huh. In my market over half the listings (seem like 60% at least) are PMs. ", 
"\"I think all those fees are definitely related to specific guest stays.  It's just as easy to take your monthly cable bill, for example, and divide it by 30 days and multiply by 7 to arrive at a per-guest 7-day stay.  Frankly, I think some people started breaking out the cleaning fee years ago to give their listing a lower price appearance - kind of deceptive.  And now we're all kind of forced into it.\"", 
"I would need to check with my attorney before posting his name however here is his MO.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", "booked calendars - open calendar, no bookings", 
" ", "Better experience.", "[text omitted]", "However that is most likely bunk.  I suspect most of HA's independent owners are seeing a similar cliff for \"views to contact\" around early February - as you and I are seeing..", 
" ", " … if we appear at all, which we have no way of determining now that every search is \"dynamic\". Every search is a snowflake … no two searches are alike thanks to the amazing algorithm known as Best Match.", 
" ", "$2,399.99", "I'm PPB, not subject to much in the way of best match madness, yet I have seen a drop off in inquiries, so I think its the service fee that is affecting inquiries and bookings...", 
"", "I am completely at edge the entire time an AirBnb guest is in my home if I took the reservation and intuitively wasn't 100% sure, and finding after accepting the reservation, there still wasn't much to go on to vet the guest signing the rental agreement, or even make an assumption how likely all of the guests staying during that reservation fit a hosts' best guest profile.", 
"IF YOU GET A TEXT WITH THIS IN THE BODY, DO NOT CLICK ON THE LINK!", 
" ", "Someone did float the idea that they would deduct the tax from the fee, but that's not how taxes work, and even where permitted generally has to be posted along with the fee, so the purchaser is aware.  They also have to make the supplier aware.", 
"vrrentcamera wrote:", "Don't get me wrong, the bulk of the conversation here (at least until the service fee became the focus) showed a lot of very good information sharing and honed skill in hospitality, but the business conduct otherwise is very bizarre.  I can only surmise all these VR owner summits people have attended have had laser-like focus on how to succeed within VRBO rather than anything practically useful in how to run a business or market it to be successful in its own right.  They obviously have a vested interest in handling it that way.  Fostering near abject dependence on HA/VRBO by offering various carrots the use of which placed the future of people's VR businesses in jeopardy in the event they don't dance to whatever tune HA/VRBO decides to play (and, possibly, even if they do, if VRBO has misjudged their niche market flexibility) has served them well and they have no interest in making your business successful or enabling good business sense.", 
"", "AirBnB does not charge the owner a percent of Air's fee.  ", 
"Either way I am  bound to lose if I play by the rules (i.e collect and remit tax). ", 
"And thank you, VRBO, for letting me, so easily, drop that bundle after it had already been charged!", 
"I think Homeaway has taken the position that if they don't hear it on this board than it does not exist.", 
"Marketing is shining the best light on something, 'spin' to make is sound the best if can be, but when they are putting out contradictory information, something is wrong, bad wrong.  This is a multi-billion dollar company, and the right had does not know what the left hand is doing, formula for disaster!", 
"2. really?  2000 sq ft 3 bd custom cabin for $166/nite (plus cleaning, tax and VRBO fee) is too much?? ", 
"Suppose I approve? If reservation is 6 mos out, I should be able to approve with echeck. If it does not clear later I can cancel. They DO offer alternate payment such as CHECK, so why not echeck?. ", 
" ", "Bark collar for the dog (suggestion for neighbor) AND they have these devices that you can put in your yard and if the dog is within range it will stop the barking (supposedly)", 
"I believe that Tony is a \"he\". ", " ", " ", " ", "I don't conjure up add ons to my rent to charge my guests for services which I can fold into a basic rate.  ", 
"So to answer your question Cavalierhome, we should NOT be happy if they lower the fee or make it a flat fee. The fee is the problem … it's the lock on the door that traps us in their new platform.", 
" ", " ", "Call CS immediately, they will transfer you to their Security Dept. They will send you a link to change your Password, and 3 security questions. Then they will email everyone on your reservation list and inform them to call the number on VRBO to verify their reservation. This is what happened to me last week.", 
"Go into your MSN email settings, and look at your \"forwarding email\"  area.", 
"Home Away, Inc. / Expedia are giving it's \"suppliers\" fewer reasons to continued this (ahem)  \"partnership\". ", 
"Yup. Totally agree. Hers is what one of my guest just received after going ahead with their booking with me.", 
" ", "You have it backward, Otttoboy.  Of course ABB hasn't extorted and manipulated and deceived you into that business model!  It started OUT that way!  HA is actually emulating ABB's model, but since it didn't start out with that horrible model, it \"had no choice\" but to use dirty tactics and force, among other things, to get its current roster of customers - us - to go along with it. As you say, it's an odious business model, and no VR owner in their right mind would want to go along with it.  ", 
"A member of parliament.", "So now they want to warn travelers? Oh look, we can help you now, just pay this service fee.", 
"Be very careful if you plan on donating a week at you rental for a charity.  This is not tax deductible.  ", 
"If you are charging a traveler fee, like Airbnb does, why do I have to pay $2000 for platinum + bundle to be on your site for my very well performing listing?", 
"One thing I know to be true is that things online change very, very fast. What would take months or even years to occur in a traditional brick-and-mortar business can happen virtually overnight when the platform is solely online.", 
"When did \"What Travelers Want\" because the be all and end of of the VR business?  ", 
"A huge concern is that HA/VRBO is moving towards exclusive BIN, which will eliminate paying outside their system.", 
"I love Facebook, not for friend's updates but for local buy and sells (Craigslist is 200+ miles in region for my area) and for Fire and Police updates, for Sheriff postings, and for my hobbies (quilts, sewing, soaps).", 
"me too", "And on a side note, I'm also ticked off that among those 10 requests, two of them were duplicates, and those count against me as well. One was a guy who wanted to book a year in advance, and I declined, and as soon as I declined he sent another request minutes later, which I also declined. So that's two strikes, for one person. Another person made a request and it expired because I was out of town with a family emergency. She made a second request, which I responded to with information and questions before accepting, and she never answered my questions, so I declined. Again, two strikes for one person.", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", " ", " ", "I Had somebody try to book my home who was very shady. Turns out, after a little digging, he was planning to host a high stakes poker game at my house, I am sure complete with ladies of the evening and drugs. No thanks. It was the only BIN I have turned down. No thanks. I could lose my house that way! Seriously, it could be confiscated under the forfeiture laws of the US.", 
" ", " ", "Ok.  I respect your concerns and opinions.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "Best Regard", "Mark and Jenny", "Casey actually said the A/B testing was based on the traveler, not the listing.", 
"Good luck", " ", "Who will be responsible for any damages or any missing items? You, of course.", 
"You might think you have leverage with HA here, but consider that hey pay to maintain and monitor it so they can monitor VR owners and data mine to better achieve their goals, which don't seem in any way aligned with VR owner goals.", 
" ", "I have read where HA management, and now I guess Expedia management, believe there is room to \"increase their take from vacation rental properties\" from traditional 4% (of a given properties annual revenue) to about 10%.", 
"2. Do not use calendar widgets that drives traffic to the VRBO HA brand", 
"Even Coca-Cola offers a variety of flavors and even water so their customers have choices.  HA and ABB?  Absolutely not.  No, can't possibly have an HA site, where owners who want their businesses controlled by HA can go, and an VRBO where owners who want the old model can go.  Oh, my, no!  Variety?  Choices for consumers?", 
"We use the information travelers enter into the search box, such as date and location, and take into account any filters selected, including map views. For basic searches, the results (listings) are ordered into subscription levels: Platinum to Classic. The higher your subscription level, the higher you will appear in search results overall. However, subscription levels may not determine sort order in some specific cases, such as when travelers apply specific filters (price high to low, etc.), or if we are running specific tests. Relevant pay-per-booking listings are sorted and included in search results based on best match. Some appear alongside subscription listings, although they are not guaranteed to always be included in search results", 
"The posters won't waste their time on Facebook or twitter for long if they don't have an account with Homeaway to complain about.. There would be a bit of outrage, \"OMG Homeaway closed my account and cancelled all my bookings, those B'tards\" and then the person would shut up shop or move to Airbnb or whatever. They won't spend all day making a forum unreadable as happens here for some reason. ", 
"I Just checked my inbox. And the reply was to smarmy old me. ", 
" ", "Ah, so now you understand our position, right?", " ", 
"We do give you a good way to look at conversion relative to others in your analytics tool in your dashboard. It's a little hidden, but I'll share the secret with you. You can see what conversion looks like (and conversion = bookings/visits so it's a metric that shows the trend, which is what I *think* you are after. Here's how:", 
"Lordy......", " ", "Unbelievable to me! Thanks for the info!", 
"Why not?", ">I might be in the minority here, but I feel that the changes that we have been exposed to are quite possibly working to everyones advantage.<", 
" ", "Do you work for HA????? ", " ", "", " ", "He inquires stating he is in town from Michigan to work in Phoenix.  He creates an online profile so when you google him at first glance (and if you are busy like I am) he seems legit.  Checks out as being from Michigan.", 
"Don't most owners limit accepting checks to 30 days out in case of fraud?  Ten days is not sufficient time for someone to find out their checking account info was stolen and report it.  Some people only look at their account once a month.  ", 
"Vacation123 -- have you tried filing a claim with your insurance carrier?  I wonder if they would cover a loss like this.  ", 
"He also doesn't appear to be acquainted with the quirks of the market - advance purchase of transportation to island location, 12 month advance booking, short seasonal market (recall the promise of more, more, more bookings) which the \"improvements\" being introduced by homeaway do not address.", 
"seasonality - currently in high season", "Best", "Better experience.", 
"Communicate with your guests. Engage with your guests by requesting phone numbers and valid email addresses and then regularly look for clues that suggest something isn't quite right. For example, look for unusual email addresses where the guest name and email do not match, or the email sequence or domain does not make sense (e.g., bob123@xyx.com).\">", 
" ", "", "lovesthebeach wrote:", "HA is likely to stick with their mistake.", 
"5.54%", "I'm especially glad to see your feedback. I'm much newer than most people on here and I only have classic. I got plenty of bookings my first year and I think they favor new people. Now that I'm second year, I thought that they were favoring PPB. Apparently not.", 
"The the market will dictate how this shakes out. a hybrid subscription-transactional model will only work when a true benefit is built in to the owner of the asset which is the competitive advantage.", 
" ", " ", "HA can continue to rent my property under two scenarios: subscription OR transactional (service fee).", 
"Apparently they charge the fee as a separate transaction to the guest CC. In that case, it is HA responsible to pay tax on the fee. Since they don't add-on tax on the fee, I can see how they can be backing it out - i.e if fee is $100 and tax rate is 10%, HA keeps $90.90 and remits (or supposedly remits) $9.10 as tax. The taxes CAn work that way as long as you remit the proper amount. ", 
" ", " ", "At least with Air, we can review the Guests, and Air will not let the Guest easily do a Chargeback.  And if the Guest sneaks in more people, Air will charge them.  And, Air doesn't charge us a subscription on top of a service fee.", 
" ", "Losing would be facing tax penalties and potential confinement, not the effort of complying with the law.", 
"You got lucky. Keep close tabs daily/hourly. Contact your bank and let them know that the pending is not authorized.", 
"Big mistake, HUGE", " ", "", "It appears that we are paying the credit card fee on the \"service fee.\"  Is this correct?  ", 
"And CBR is also proud to be shown as an \"Owner\" on VRBO, NOT a PM as one would expect:", 
"Yes. My neighbors own a VACANT lot next to me that has a dock. The lot / dock is used - perhaps - 5 times a year, may be a little more in the summer. They have lit it up with bright lights that come on a dusk and off at dawn. it eliminated all privacy in my backyard, and on my deck. The light shines into my bedroom window all night. They are thrilled with their lit up piece of dirt and have no regard at all for how it affects my quality of life or privacy.", 
"Better clean my glasses. ", "But,  I'm sure there are many among us experiencing \"no inquiries\" / \"no bookings\" since the FEE ....but [we] just haven't chimed in, here much, lately. ...I have other sources for leads/ prospects/ bookings...but I did *pay* a very high premium for my VRBO ad page.   I'm not new to this trade.   I / my property has a long rental history...and a long history with VRBO from it's original owner days; their (original) website was a power house for my business.  It's not my pricing that's wrong...not my location either (popular vacation destination = Hawaii)...it's a long, journey, one that requires budgets and planning.  I know who/what my \"Best Match\" is...and it's not someone who is \"okay\" to pay a large, chunk of extra change added on to my already very competitive rate / total.  This, 2016, was planned to be a year to increase my rates by 10%....I can forget that, now. ", 
"7.  Leave us hanging on the taxes that are due upon your fee:  It's all good.  A tax audit is nothing to sweat about it.", 
"That is what I would do..... If I was Homeaway and I wanted to fool the owners.", 
" ", " ", "On another subject, have people noticed we have not had one comment from \"their side\" in the last 48 or so hours?", 
"I received the response below from \"Scott\" in Customer support rejecting my request to revert to the 9/15/15 Terms and Conditions.   I am puzzled why Customer Support would reply instead of Legal Counsel.  ", 
"My guess is the fake property manager hacked into the email of another owner in your area and saw an inquiry Bill submitted for the other listing.  The scammer now knows the dates and area that Bill is interested in.  It's easy for the scammer to contact Bill and talk to him about other vacation rentals in the area.  You should contact HomeAway's fraud department and tell them what happened.", 
" ", "\"HomeAway is not a fact finder and cannot be put in a position to determine the legitimacy of contributed content.\"", 
" ", "Here is how you will find out the answer to your question:", 
"ABB started out that way because it started out as a place where young people with not a lot of money could turn to to find the equivalent of hostel housing when they traveled...cheap, no luxury, a bed kind of thing.  So 10% of a $50/night room in someone's house is not a big deal as a traveler fee. ", 
"A family from Norway.", "The had protection for travelers for quite some time prior to the fee that protected them for up to $10,000.00 if they used HA payments. I have promoted that for the last few years that all payments HAD to go through HA to protect them and me. So promoting fraud protection with the fee, just isn't accurate as it has always been there if you paid through HA payments.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Any traveler who doesn't want to speak to the owner and book through him or her or them directly is a fool and IMO has no right to complain when they find they've been ripped off, deceived, etc.", 
" ", " ", "Request sent", " ", "More bookings!  If I have roughly 12 to 14 weeks to offer, how can HA deliver more?", 
"It seems my property, which has a history of booking well in advance of others in my area, will likely cease to \"perform\" for me, if I cede to Homeaway's \"best match\".", 
"There is a big difference !", "Global Distribution System - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia", 
" ", "I think that when HA locks out owner to traveler direct communication as they must, all the forum participants will be gone.  And probably many others too.", 
"OR: you can wait on the phone for an hour!!", "Contact me privately or thru FB for an even better way.", 
"The good news is that there are many rentals in my area that use AirBnB and have had great success doing so. So as Carol says…if just takes time to establish yourself and your property on that site.   ", 
" ", "but when I went online tonight, I was number 12 out of 42 pet friendly rentals.  ", 
"You can always start a new thread if there is not a current one that is appropriate for your question. ", 
" J. Thomas", " ", "Well, I got 3 inquiries yesterday and none had HA Service Fee in the quotes. It only showed up when I ran a test of my own property. BTW, these are the first inquiries since the fee went into effect. The cause could be:", 
"Does the payout for payments received at time of booking qualify for all subscription levels? ", 
"The new H/A is treating you valuable property as nothing more than a hotel room. The new fee is the only thing that matters.", 
"Tsk tsk.  You guys are acting like these properties and businesses are your own.  Remember Sharples telling that audience that Expedia execs said that mentality among vR owners was one of the reasons their VR business went kaput?", 
"I'm hopeful.  I recognize the reality of the situation, but I believe raising our voices here is the most direct path to being heard.  I understand Homeaway may not be listening, but going silent is certainly not going to offer any solutions.", 
"tom", "In other words, HA would like to evolve from collecting $1,500 (from a given property owner) to collecting $3,000.", 
"3. Build you own web site and always link to that and book direct, simply use checks and or other methods ", 
" ", "HomeAway enables a variety of search options and features designed to help travelers easily find what they are looking for, which in turn also drives qualified inquiries and bookings to our owners and property managers. ", 
"do you work for Tom Hale? Serious question. ", " ", "i don't like the fee.... Primarily because I have, for nine years, written a large check to HA every year so that my renters would not have to do so and so that I would have premium positioning, And secondarily because it wasn't communicated to me properly, which makes me feel disrespected by HA, and I don't like feeling like my business isn't valuable to the people I have given it to and entrusted my vacation home with. In addition, I feel that HA has chosen to play hardball with the owner subscriber group by springing these changes on us without proper notice, without  proper communication and without ANY customer support afterwards. The canned responses from CS agents, the canned responses from HA employees on this forum and the threatening tone that has been used leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth. Questions are left unanswered and we are left with threats and in the dark.", 
"Only PM with online booking have the fee, in my area the PM with the most listings does not have online booking. Sure they are below me but of course cost less, since they just direct them to their own web site. They list rates but not taxes, cleaning, security or service fee. \" no quotable rates\".", 
"It would be nice to meet forum members, over wine, most definitely - but it's certainly not a requirement.", 
"Tom", "Garbage Disposals are a leading reason for plumbing calls.  Glad I don't have one!", 
"Is anyone else a fan of the TV series \"Grimm\"?  Seemingly normal people are actually evil and deadly \"Wesen\".  They physically transform before our eyes as the photo below depicts.  The show airs tonight in case you want to check it out.", 
"HA is for the traveler, that is who they say their customer is, I don't think they will worry about protecting owners, especially if they have control of the money.", 
"Probably some very reduced subscription rates. Probably no more than classic. Possibly all going to PPB once the current subscriptions expire. They will not say so, but it may imply cut off of direct owner/traveler communications. ", 
" ", "Do you follow Social Media Examiner? Michael Stelzner. He hosts a fantastic pod cast  and a weekly blab (blab.im) on all things new and relevant in social media. The \"optimize\" feature kicks mobile into a whole new gear and goes beyond a \"mobile friendly\" or \"responsive\" site. There a a couple of plug ins for WP like \"page frog\".", 
"Are you serious? What would  make you think that? There are times I think I'm going to get banned because of some of my posts when I rage about this or that HA is doing. I've suggested other sites. I've refuted some of the spun posted by Thale. I've joined private groups to brainstorm on ways to be successful without HA.I've said I will never book a VR that charges a fee. I've taken HA to task for not having a level playing field for the fee-charging only those that use HA payment. I've posted about a PM that is allowed to keep the wording about booking direct to save the fee while owners listings are disabled for the same wording.", 
"Since I've done consulting work for hedge funds for a dozen or so years I've got a pretty good nose for what comes next.  In the short-term Expedia will print favorable results of this strategy on its quarterly income statement, and Wall Street may take the bait.  Smart insiders though will be selling, because they know renewal rates are declining, and once Wall Street figures that out, Expedia will transition seemingly overnight from the darling of The Street, to the dog everyone wants to sell short.  Doubling the pain for Expedia is the likelihood the FTC will begin to scrutinize its growth through acquisition strategy.", 
"Great minds think alike. I had something a while back with the church lady.", 
"Big difference between a cable bill and a cleaning fee. If a guest stays 30 days, one cleaning bill, if only three days, still the same cleaning bill. One is for 30 days, another for three days, same amount of money. Not even apples and pears.", 
"I asked for a cc of his current drivers license.  he emails it.  I see it is expired.  I ask him about that and he says the extention for a Michigan drivers license is on the back and he will show it to my property manager when he checks in.", 
" ", "Wow this is very interesting. There was another post here or on the Yahoo board about guests laughing with another guest how they have learned to get their stays \"free\" by threatening a bad review. It seems to be a real problem. After reading vacation123 post, I have deleted that I will take e-checks. Mine is through Paypal. I have only had 2 guests in three years opt for it and I didn't like that it took about 5 days for the check to come in. ", 
" ", "pricing - competitive (no price changes in last two years)(booked calendar from Dec through Feb)", 
"Bill", " ", "In the 10 years I used PayPal for my cc payments, never did I have a fraudulent cc charge or chargeback.They vet the user of the CC.", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", "This is not about the fact that you are charging a service fee; this is about not equally applying ALL subscription listings with the same service fee.", 
"They aren't going back. Interested to see what the April announcement is. They can't charge a fee to us and a fee to the consumer, its one or the other, as the market presently dictates. Airbnb charges a 3% fee to owners and provides them with lots of services. No subscritpion. That's then company yhese guys are going after and if they don't eliminate the subscription fee, they will drive EVERYBODY off of their site, and then they will only have PM inventory. Not the unique vacation homes for rent that they tout as their competitive advantage. ", 
"$2,400.00", "If they are allowing some people to op-tout, then they again have failed to make that information clear.", 
"", "My first year booking on Homeaway I accepted a reservation from a younger woman who had not rented a vacation home before. Someone had been smoking and there was some oil spots left on the ottoman from a pizza box. Turns out she really didn't know the guests she had invited very well, and she left the house because she was scheduled to work before the other guests vacated. Multiple quart size bottles of vodka for 4 girls, and plenty of beer cans was another tell.", 
"\"Your VacationHomeRentals account has been locked. To unlock your account, click on the link below\" ", 
" ", "If that actually was how they were doing it, which I don't think is likely, we can expect to see owner costs for listing rise sharply to cover massive litigation costs.", 
"According to Tennessee DOR:", "Perhaps the most ironic thing is that, although much of the accounting people talk of here is problematic, one thing that is easily supported as a justified business expense is consultation and fees to tax professionals and attorneys - because the IRS notes it as central to conduct of business and an expected expense.", 
"", "example: guest might see", " ", "kymberlee ~  With thanks for your post: appending another (equally timely, and: on-topic) 'subject'/here:", 
"cheri123 wrote:", "Time for some house cleaning? Do something,... anything!  What you are doing now, ain't it!", 
"I suppose this was a \"quality inquiry\". ", "No, that is not correct.  Your 2.9% cc fee is based on your rent plus your fees and taxes.  ", 
" ", "People are just self absorbed and usually oblivious Until they get the cease and desist letter. ", 
"A little nudge to the top of the pile. This post remains unanswered by HomeAway.", 
" ", " ", " ", "If Homeaway were a property owner there would likely be guest fees for water, parking, laundry, etc.  There would be fee upon fee . . . . ", 
"With the changes in Content Guidelines and the upcoming traveler reviews, HA will be able to say they're providing all the info we need to vet guests inside their system, and that they will be restricting communications until after booking to prevent anyone from not playing by the rules.", 
" ", " ", "mtnhomehideaway wrote:", "Are there any forwarding rules set up that you dont recall doing yourself?", 
"", "They shared it with me because after long telephone conversation and getting to know and trust each other, they found it amusing that all 3 were nothing like my place! Two are 100km away from my area which is a huge tourist attraction!", 
" ", " ", "Another from France", "twobitrentals wrote:", "I have donated twice and to be honest, I would not do that again.  I would rather just  donate the money.  Those that have \"won\" a week in my condo tend to feel very intitled because they \"paid\" for it.  I get more emails and phone calls from them then I ever have from renters that paid.  When I donated I thought that they might be great guests and be an \"advertisment\" for me.  Never got a rental referral and had to pay for the cleaning myself.   It was a monitory loss all around. ", 
"On Airbnb it's a flat 3% and owners/listers actually get \"more\" from them in return for listing their property there, free of any subscription cost to them. They provide insurance against damages that is built into the fee. They also provide professional photography services , free of charge, in most areas. And they also provide a \"resume\" and \"references\" for the homeowner to base their decision on. They also cover credit card processing fees, that are charged I presume to the booker in addition to or included in the service fee the booker is charged. I don't know, I have never used them to book a vacation. Millennials are eating this product up and it has been one of the biggest game changers the business world has seen in a long, long time. ", 
"What TRULY will dictate who is successful is who can deliver the most bookings at the lowest cost to the homeowner.", 
"Thanks vrrent.  We don't have to tell HA that their \"truth is wrong\".   They have told us how wrong they are with their own stats.  How possibly could they defend this information?  However, please everyone don't hold your breath.  ", 
" ", "I slept with a FB group in my bed this past September - we were having a HUGE fire in our county, I was on advisory evac, and that FB group kept us all updated through out two nights. No TV channel nor scanner nor any other vehicle for information could have done that for us here....", 
"Would love to join your private group, but am unable to send you a friend request....", 
"But I guess it really doesn't matter, since VRBO ignores every single accepted booking on my listing and claims that my declines are 100%.", 
" ", " ", "Agreed. I like the visual display of \"dots\" much better than stars for guest ratings.  Good idea to have the reviewing owner remain anonymous.", 
" ", "\"in civil cases, the owner need not be judged guilty of any crime; it is possible for the Government to prevail by proving that someone other than the owner used the property to commit a crime (this claim seems outdated and as such would be contradicted by the \"innocent owner\" defense).[citation needed] In contrast, criminal forfeiture is usually carried out in a sentence following a conviction and is a punitive act against the offender.\"", 
" ", "Thanks…I found it.  But I have sent a check before and it worked.  I sent it with a letter stating exactly what level I wanted and they accepted it.  But like I said…they did it immediately and my renewal was not up for a couple of weeks.  So that was the only drawback.   ", 
" ", "The thing that I hate about AirBnB is how they handle the bed tax (for those of us that are required to collect such tax). I hate having to include the tax in the nightly rate and then back it out later.  It makes no sense that they do not have a line item for a bed tax.  Frankly I think that the reason they don't include a line item for tax, is that when they started the company, not many municipalities had instigated a bed tax.  I guess they were afraid to change their ways, so now they are fighting municipalities over tax issues - makes no sense to me.  ", 
" ", " ", "Excellent point! If a new comer stumbled on this thread it sure would add a great deal of misinformation, confusion and frustration to the mix. thale respectfully request you \"lock\" the thread. ", 
"I received this message today:", "*** you should also note that they are going the way of Airbnb and will shut down comms between owner and guest by phone or email to ensure that you will not simply work around it by doing your own invoicing. If the only way you can communicate with a guest is through the secure comm system (already in place) then they will still charge the service fee even if you have not selected HA payments as a preferred method of payment. Or as their supervisor said, they will take down your listing.", 
"It does on mine the one time someone asked for a quote. Now don't look for this to be permanent. H/A knows that the complaints and blogs will eventually go away. You can start to see them decline from a couple of months ago. Several people that were showing concern for all the bad changes are not posting anymore.", 
"I am on a subscription and have my payments set up as last payment due 15 days prior to check in. So far that has worked. But have not had any bookings in awhile.", 
"There's a brand new site out there - https://unitedvacation.rentals - Give 'em a look.", 
" ", " ", "Some female from HA posted correcting a statement. I just read it today but it was a couple week old thread that was updated. It was about opting out over the service fee.", 
"I appreciate and respect HA's desire to increase their revenues. But in my opinion, the most sensible way to do that would be to increase subscription prices.", 
"4. Don't spend your time dealing with all the HA VRBO nonsense, focus on your rental on your own. ", 
"Why, that is laughable!  Your naivete is adorable, tandoori!  ", 
" The way search results are created is regularly tested to help us drive the maximum number of bookings and inquiries by showing the most relevant listings. We may adjust the best match criteria often and customize the algorithm for each traveler or search. This means search results use a flexible, ever-changing mix of factors.", 
"No. I've been on this forum a long time, I'm in Canada and i've posted my listings here before.", 
"Have you noticed, Mr. Secrets, that you're the only person on here hurling out unprofessional and juvenile insults to people?", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "Agreed,   the biggest problem with \"Book with Confidence\" is that you have to accept payment through Yapstone and accept their draconian policies.   It would appear that if you get paid via Yapstone the burden of proof if on your if there is a chargeback.      Totally unacceptable.     ", 
"Gee, what happens if I have popup blocker?", "They may be working for me, and you, but obviously not for many of the posters here.  Just as I am not willing to call the posters here liars, nor am I willing to suggest that I know how everyone is doing.", 
" ", " ", " ", " A PM would not post that verbiage unless they are feeling the heat also. Perfect.", 
"I get what you're saying, and agree when looking at it from a certain angle. From another angle, though, occupancy, there is a big difference. If you have a month-long gap, there is no cleaning fee, but you still have to pay HOA fees, taxes, and (admittedly lower) utilities.", 
"Unbeknown to me when he checks in he gives the property manager an Arizona drivers license that is current.", 
"This sounds like an easy way for a scammer to get some quick funds.  They could create an account on vrbo and enter in fake checking info through RM.  In a few days they could have access to thousands and thousands and withdraw the money and run.", 
" ", "I am truly puzzled by this example and wonder how he came to believe MV was worthy of mention . . . perhaps a recent stay brought it to mind?", 
"listing quality - high, with 80% acceptance rate", " ", "Haha its funny you mention that.  Brent Bellm was HA's president and COO for the past 5 years (until last summer).", 
"Something is very wrong with the system.", " ", "A new message has appeared at the top of the VRBO owner dashboard, with a completely different justification for the service fee:", 
"Not for me or most owners, it's not.  It's about having a service fee at all.  Especially a service fee for which owners *were not* informed before it went live (I wasn't -- were any of you?), and -- key point -- it adds no value.   Zero.", 
"That's the goal. PM inventory only. All standardized, all same rental agreements, Instant Instant book, heads in beds. Hotel operation. ", 
"$9,072.72", "Again some people get preferential treatment, and other suffer.", 
"respectful treatment and open communication would go a LONG WAY towards placating restless and dissatisfied homeowners. ", 
" ", " ", "Under a transactional model, I would expect part of the \"cut\" since I am the manager of my property.", 
" ", " ", "Ok, Breeze... first most accounting folk refer to that stuff you call \"gross income\" as \"revenue\". There's revenue and net income. But either way revenue is all that stuff that comes to you. Thanks for the jabs that I or others should consult an accountant. Your counsel has been invaluable. And if I ever get a booking again through HomeAway, I'll call my accountant... or maybe my Harvard University accounting professor. ", 
"So....why pick HA/VRBO over Air?", "1000 rent ", "They do have a line item for tax, as do all of the platforms through which payments are processed.  The difference is in how those taxes might be collected, but there isn't a reason your renter would get a quote that doesn't include taxes, though they don't show up when the site advertises your rental rate, as they are not included in that (nor is the traveler's fee and other plat rate fees you might attach, like cleaning).", 
" ", " ", "When I was in sales/customer service I surely didn't send my valued customers links....that's an insult saying you don't believe they are worthy of your time for an honest explanation.  A good salesperson can explain what they are actually selling.", 
" Not saying this did not happen before, but all the \"improvements\" .. then no inquiries, then THIS. Of course this will not convert. ", 
"So I call CS and open a ticket. NEXT THING I KNOW I RECEIVE VRBO EMAIL SAYING THAT MY LISTING VIOLATES THEIR GUIDELINES. I did not have a suggestion in my listing to go around the fee. All I had is stated there is the new \"service fee\" by VRBO and if travelers have any questions, they should call CS number (and the CS number). So they EDITED my listing verbiage and removed the CS number. SO NOW POSTING THE CS NUMBER IS A VIOLATION? REALLY? I wrote a reply to CS that they should be busy fixing echeck issue, not parsing and editing my listing. ", 
" ", " ", "I have been thinking of doing the same thing but my question is, how will this affect the sort/my placement?", 
"After spending thousands in highest tier subscriptions....hosting happy Guests in a safe, secure and with guaranteed good stay experiences (guaranteed by my top hosting and care for travelers...expressed in my Reviews) ....not to disregard my 4 years of devoting my (daily) spare time to contributing to this Home Away hosted Community Forum to help others make hosting a great experience for travelers, as well as for themselves as hosts...which helps VRBO too.......(and I do sincerely credit HA for providing this Forum)...and referring other \"new\" Owners and Travelers to VRBO, I am feeling deeply disappointed ...and let down, these days.   My current Guests found me through Google...and now that they know me...and they know about the 'fees' coming from all directions (starting with flights to my destination)....they are avoiding the listing sites (using them to search only).....to help find affordable vacations...where they do not feel \"nickel and  dimed\".   Funny, when I started in this trade, many of my Guests told me that they felt \"nicked and dimed\" at the hotels and resort areas...so they turned to privately managed vacation rentals and never looked back.  Now, I'm hearing that they feel \"nickeled and dimed\" by the \"vacation rental by owner\" listing sites. ", 
"8.  Change your guidelines for reviews so we're left wide open for extortion:  Not a problem.  It's easy to refund $$$ through HomeAway Payments!", 
"The question? If I was homeaway and I embarked on such a strategy, would I fool you?", 
" ", " ", "Have they given up or is this their \"new\" tactic?", 
"Nevertheless, I repeat my request for a reversion to the old Terms.   If you believe that the service fee is insufficient cause for an owner to demand the old terms, note that I did not specifically refer to that when I wrote.  Actually, I am more concerned about the change in legal remedies available to me. Under the new terms and conditions, I am barred from legal action except as an individual.   That is clearly a substantial change in the terms and conditions and I demand to have my listing reverted to the 9/15 terms.   ", 
" ", " ", "HomeAway also is not a property management company, but it seems to have taken on that role with a vengeance.", 
" ", "Wake up one day, log into your account to see if the well is still dry post-service-fee, and your account is locked.", 
"But once we move into the VR business, i.e.: HomeAway/VRBO...and now ABB, that traveler commission-based fee is hefty and ridiculous, on top of what are high, premium rents because they are vacation rental homes.  ", 
"One group from Ohio and New Zealand.", " ", "This is pretty resoundingly true of anywhere where a service (vs just a product) is donated to charity.  Some of those people might be charitable to the organization, but they really don't much appreciate the service they are buying.  It makes it very hard to attract support from businesses that don't have a simple product item to donate  or whose item requires some service or action on the part of the business, and harder to keep them in successive years once they have dealt with the \"winners.\"", 
" ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", " ", "Just joined, thanks!", 
"Click on joan1,  the profile box will appear. At the lower right of the dark gray box is an \"add friend\" box. Click that, wait for Joan to approve.", 
"When you accept, are the travelers then paying through HA payments?  Or are you taking the payments outside of HA?   If outside, you will never get credit for a booking.   I've never had anyone pay through HA so my booking percentage is also 0%.   ", 
"My early June weeks will always be hit or miss, since kids are still in school. Occasionally, I'll get those weeks booked for various reasons, but most often those weeks are requested by  \"responsible seniors looking to celebrate graduation\". Of course, those are declined after vetting.", 
"This is clearly going to be a best match for Homeaway, not me nor my guests.", 
" ", "Now, technology is cheap, things are easy to connect and the travel providers don't NEED a middleman,", 
" ", "HA will be left with small condos and PM listings as their inventory.", 
"I saw this article and decided to post it on an appropriate thread...", 
"Are you in the FB group?", "I have been listed on Airbnb for a few years and have not had amy bookings.  Surprisingly, I have had a handful of tel calls from potential guests who found my home on Airbnb and then located contact information elsewhere.  In these instances the week(s) they were interested in booking were unavailable.", 
"OK so I will take off my nasty hat now - sorry.  Nothing personal is meant by my comments.  Its a reflection on the video guy, not you!", 
"What bothers me is when I have called VRBO/HA the agents tell me my placement is based on length of time with them.  Well tonight 8 out of 11 have been with them since 2013 and one rental has just signed up in 2015.  So that statement is definitely false.", 
"A sure fire way to get top billing in the listings is to go out and buy the worst possible vacation rental possible.  Make sure it's so bad that you have no bookings.  Voila,...top of the list.  ", 
"", "I read the article in USA today and someone in the comments section mentioned a vacation website called Home Escape (homeescape.com).  I was quite delighted to see that listing there was FREE TO OWNERS and they don't charge any fees to renters.  They get their money from advertising.  I listed there as a backup in case it is correct that VRBO is going to stop direct access between owners and renters.", 
"Once this happens It will go back to what H/A wants: \"service fee\" eluding to the guest that it is our fee.", 
"My fear is that H/A will change this. When they give the guest these ridiculous guarantees of 100% satisfaction or your money back I look for them to hold MY money until a guest sends an approval after check in. This is how they can refund without getting into their money or doing a chargeback.", 
" ", "Once you change your thinking and realize that the property and business are HA's and you are graciously assisting HA by paying the property taxes and taking on all the maintenance, cleaning, and griping tenants, you'll feel a lot better.  I've sure Sharples is going to invite you to his palatial home as a thank you...without even screening you!", 
"I don't think, or not think, regarding leverage, as I don't have any insight into Homeaway's internal workings and therefore posess little of value . . . ", 
"I Saw that female playing hardball and talking down to folks last week. Can't remember her name. Now? Crickets ", 
"This would allow HA to get what they want , but in a less complicated manner than the planned evolution from a subscription model to a transaction model business.", 
" ", " ", "In regards to using onloine booking, you are now able to add alternative payment methods.", 
" ", " ", "The reality is that Airbnb started competing with HA a long time ago, you just didn't realize it. Their company is designed to reach the millennial target, which like it or not, is the \"next generation\" of vacation home OWNER and they are just coming in to the point where the older millennial can afford to rent your home (they are pushing 40 years of age at the top). HA would not be able to maintain their competitive advantage if they didn't retool their product in response to their competitor . And in a few years down the road, your bookings would have suffered. Because the HA website would not have been as dynamic as it needs to be in order to attract people (mill emails and above) to rent your homes.", 
"With new \"Best Match\" that HA is using now, even Platinum can be lowered in position due to their new algorithms.", 
"It's unfortunate there is not an opportunity to meet . . . I expect Homeaway would not be interested in sponsoring a forum member conference?  ", 
"I'm sure that quite a few owners (myself being one of them) are very appreciative of all the hard work you are putting in to getting \"things right\" now and for the future.", 
"", "\"On top of all this, Wesen crime in Portland doesn't seem to be letting up at all, with even more dangerous Wesen making their way to the great northwest. It's going to take all of Team Grimm's strength and energy to keep Portland from bursting open at the seams.\"  I'll let you substitute HA and Owners as characters.", 
" ", "(Are you diminishing this post, as it relates to [How Many?] Owners?  Or, is your contribution to just be (seemingly) 'snarky'?", 
" ", "Sorry nerd out there for a few- but maybe you'll be interested?", 
"Reading back through my posts the last couple of weeks, it does seem I've mellowed a bit. Likely that's because I'm starting to get inquiries from other sources from other sites. I'm at classic level and I don't pay extra for anything to HA. I'm seeing the light at the end of the tunnel for little or no dependence on HA for rentals.", 
"What's sad is all of this could have been avoided, and with the correct strategy, both Expedia and the property owners that enabled the formation and growth of Home Away / VRBO could have benefited.  However, the evidence so far suggests that the executives don't understand how to leverage our opportunities for what could be substantially higher value for property owners and durable long-term growth for Expedia. ", 
"Or they are sensing opportunity to make a buck by luring travelers away from owner listings. ", 
"I mean I build the cleaning fee into the rental price. . . so if the unit rents for a month, the total rental price would still reflect a typical weekly cleaning fee. . . but because I don't have to pay it for all four weeks, it give me a bit of wiggle room to give a little discount for longer term rentals.  It's not big deal to me, just mentioned it up front because I know that the rental group that manages a number of VRs in our resort complex lists the RENT, Taxes, cleaning fee, resort fee, and a booking fee.  When customers see that, surely they run.  I don't think a separate cleaning fee causes that because it's fairly standard. I just think it's weird to charge a separate fee on something that is not optional to the customer.  I do charge a separate tax line because I want the guest to know that THAT money goes to Florida, not me. ", 
"So this guy is floating around Phoenix somewhere.", "Like I said, if you have their deposit up front via credit card do you think they will then try to scam you by e-check on the remainder later?  Just make sure the down payment is paid by credit card.", 
"Between credit card chargebacks, bad checks, HA having control of taking money back out of your account and all the other scamming going on, it is hard to stay on top of everything", 
" ", "", "PS.  My Analytics page attached.   Obviously something dramatic happened in August.   Basically I need to decide whether to renew Platinum in a few months.", 
" ", "I told Scott (dept head chargebacks at vacation payments) that our 2+ hour conversation should have been recorded as a webinar or something because he really took the time to explain the whole process to me and everyone should know the information.  VRBO/Homeaway should have a prompt about checking IDs when creating a listing.  As I said, i was naive and never thought of it.", 
"", "", "", "Thats the magic word \"HOTEL\" .", "5.50%", " ", 
"", "I matured from being a fledgling rental host after that experience very quickly. If I get a 'vibe' about a guest not being the right fit, I'm very willing to let the reservation pass. The stress is just not worth it.", 
"I Googled the number it came from and it is from Dearborn Michigan. ", 
" ", "I'm no tax expert by far, but you needn't be one to see that you can't advertise a fee to someone, have them pay it, and then try to sell the taxing jurisdiction that you meant something else when you said the fee was X.", 
"https://www.tn.gov/revenue/topic/sales-and-use-tax", "Many (probably most) people operating a VR or a rental and showing rental income file their business taxes with their personal income tax under a 1040 Sched. E for supplemental Income/Loss, wherein the general term revenue is supplanted by the term income.  I also used the term because you, like many people, used that term.", 
"the idea of using Airbnb is new to me. Honestly, until I read that Beyoncé rented her Super Bowl digs from Airbnb, I never even considered it as an option for me. I always assumed it meant couch surfing or lower end rentals to millennials (no offense to the young folks reading this). ", 
" 100 cleaning fee", "", "VRBO/HA: For Owners with Listings Due to Expire bet. Now and the April \"Reveal\"", 
"Questions for you---", "freebird wrote:", "", "That's rich...   I was unaware that our listings are open for HA's edits.  I had reservations about mentioning the fee in my text, so I decided to leave it be.  Good idea, it seems.  And PM's are blatantly directing travelers to book directly and avoid the fee...", 
" ", " ", " ", "Update: I received an inquiry today. First this month. It's not likely to convert. It's for 6 adults, my max occupancy. My listing states family groups only. I responded, mentioning family groups only and asked the relationship of the group. Crickets. For March, to date, my conversion rate is likely to be 0.", 
" ", "In my opinion, HomeAway (and ABB) have already \"fooled\" a lot of owners.  I say this because I'm surprised it took this \"Service Fee\" to spark the turbulence, pushback, anger, and protestations we've seen.  I've been surprised by how apathetic owners have been to HomeAway's and AirBnb's wresting control of their properties and businesses from them, dictating to them how they will administer their own businesses and rentals, from communications to bookings to billings, even holding onto what is their income until these companies say it can be released!", 
"I understand there are circumstance which may warrant a fee in addition to the rent for some properties, and some locations, but if Homeaway's thinking extended to owners, fees would rapidly multiply.  ", 
"The writing's on the wall.", "I suspect it's a new tactic.", 
" ", "My guess is the fake property manager hacked into the email of another owner in your area and saw an inquiry Bill submitted for the other listing.  The scammer now knows the dates and area that Bill is interested in.  It's easy for the scammer to contact Bill and talk to him about other vacation rentals in the area.  You should contact HomeAway's fraud department and tell them what happened.", 
"Was your password simple to guess, such as \"password\" or \"1111\"?", 
"TThey want their cake and to eat it too", "But guess what? All three are BIN/HA payment... big surprise?", 
" ", "So once again, we see these two companies trying to turn private vacation homes, where the owner is not present, entire homes with higher than market gets...into hostels and hotels.  It's so offensive, I can't even breathe thinking about it. ", 
" ", "The had protection for travelers for quite some time prior to the fee that protected them for up to $10,000.00 if they used HA payments. I have promoted that for the last few years that all payments HAD to go through HA to protect them and me. So promoting fraud protection with the fee, just isn't accurate as it has always been there if you paid through HA payments.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "To stay competitive, I believe the vacation property listing sites will also have to provide competitive services and fees to the homeowner subscriber base Customer, and that's where I get the feeling that HA is lagging behind. There are lots of folks on here who don't yet see Airbnb as a viable (or safe) place to list their properties and you will be able to ride that wave for a short time only. Beyoncé booking her super bowl digs via Airbnb made headlines that announced to the world that Airbnb has evolved beyond their original core business, which was renting out spare rooms and couches. People now know that they can rent a sweet and luxe vacation property with airbnb. People, like me, weren't aware of that prior to January. But now they are. Airbnb is an excellent place to list high end vacation homes for rent, safely, to high quality people. They have moved into your back yard and they are there to stay. But you already know that. ", 
"This will, in large part, be determined by which company sources the most bookings. And that will be determined by who has the most visitors/shoppers on their website. And that will be determined by who has the best inventory. And that will be determined by who has garnered the highest level of comfort and trust and goodwill from the inventory providers. So success, or failure, really begins with the relationship and level of trust that the booking engine has cultivated with their suppliers, who in this case means us.", 
"Hi there:", " ", "Sent friend request...link is not working", 
"Count me in. ", " ", " ", "This is clearly going to be a best match for Homeaway, not me nor my guests.", 
"Many thanks to HA for implementing this and a special thanks to thale for the informative post and example!", 
" ", "Asset forfeiture - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia", 
"Exactly. If Homeaway paid my mortgage, the fees would be a no brainer. ", 
" ", "Have you done this and seen that it works?", " ", " ", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", "Hello ", "Hello rrc,", "If we are still allowed to have contact with our renters, we can apologize for the fee and just informed them that HA raised their rates.  I want to make sure that any return renters that I have don't think that I raised my rates.  Or they may not return.  Of course, they still may not also return at all or they may just look for a lower priced condo. ", 
" ", "When did huge corporations decide that WE are holding THEIR money, and our properities and businesses are really theirs they are kindly letting us pay the taxes and maintenance on, and they deserve to get it back?", 
"Home Escape is so far proving to be a viable alternative.", 
" ", "You can see the latest activity by any community member by looking at their page and Activity:", 
"If HomeAway is going to raise their take from 4% to 10% (i.e. a 250% increase in their take), they had **** well better offer me 250% more service.  And 250% more leads and bookings.", 
"Do not feed the monster!", "Competition!  Variety!  Allowing owners of private property to manage and run that property and their own businesses!  ROFL!  Hilarious.  How quaint!", 
"Alternative payment methods will apply to all of your subscription listings within your account. These methods will not apply to pay-per-booking listings.  Once you have successfully entered and saved your payment method(s), you can add or edit at any time. In the event you do not want your travelers to access a specific option previously entered, you can de-select by following the instructions below.  Please note: If you offer HomeAway Payments in addition to alternative payments, you will be able to remove alternative payments entirely. If you do not offer HomeAway Payments, it is required that one alternative payment method remain in your settings.  Add your payment methods:", 
"I'm just checked out reading the same **** posts every day, from people who have no intention of moving away from Homeaway, despite all their claims. If anyone had another option that could generate as much revenue they would already be using it. People linking threads on Tripadvisor as proof of the outrage is widespread seem to have copied and pasted the initial post from a post they already made on this forum.. That is moronic behavior, damaging to all of us. One poster tried to get the news in Seattle to run a story about the fee. That is where most of my guests come from and that isiot was trying to tell as many of them as possible that VRBO is expensive and they should stay away..", 
"I've now seen idiot, moron and smarmy being thrown about by you.", 
" ", "i would be willing to be that when they go to the PM website, they see the addition of fees and the lower rate that appears on VRBO or HA isn't what they end up paying, it's the antiquated way vacation homes were rented, prior to the Internet and prior to HA. Homeowners paid 40% cut to PM to rent, manage, clean, etc their properties and they didn't worry about a thing unless they weren't getting a decent volume. Those guys are now on HA because HA nearly drove them out of business by making it possible to administrate the rental of your home, therefor cutting out the middleman. But the middleman has retooled and is back. ", 
"Did someone say wine?", " ", "Another reason for a no-pet policy?", 
" ", "Anyhow,  what a joke.   Any time I use a credit card for anything,   if I believe there was actual fraud I ALWAYS have the option to request a chargeback.    So basically they are charging you a large \"service fee\" to protect you from a very rare event that you are probably already protected from.", 
"I am not diminishing this post.", "Empathy goes a long way with me.  My VRs are doing great, and I wish everyones were.  A dollar in your pocket doesn't take one out of mine.", 
"Thanks, hill5185 - that's good info.  I've told my DH that our site needs to load quickly on a phone or an ipad, and he laughed at me - but he's an old fogey of 60!  (I'm a spring chicken of 55...)  I built our site from a responsive WP template, and have spent a huge amount of time on it, even trying to figure out how to load low-res pictures when the user is on a phone (I'm sure there is a way to do it - just haven't figured out the exact coding to do that)", 
"I was just teasing ", "nice piece...", "Does not surprise me. Don't look for anything to be done about this. Just don't you do it. ", 
"My nightly rate is for 2-6 night stays..... so I need to separate the cleaning fee in order to charge everyone fairly.  Once in a blue moon I will accept a one night booking if they really don't mind paying the cleaning fee and rate for just one night.  ", 
"Again, the eCheck system is a perfect vehicle for FRAUD.  Homeaway needs to correct this huge flaw or do away with the system.  ", 
"If the initial deposit \"down payment\" was paid more than 30 days before the rental commencement, what difference does it make if the payment was made by credit card, personal check, or echeck?  Enough time would have elapsed to know whether or not the check or echeck had cleared.  I don't understand why there is any advantage to having the initial payment made with a credit card.", 
" ", "It's worth noting that the number of properties with book it now and auto payment on MV is very low, much lower than other markets.", 
"I'm pretty much a poster child for HomeAway subscribers. I used all your tools, enabled all your features, and overnight (on Feb. 18), you rendered my business unsustainable.", 
"This is most likely due to \"best match\".  Basically HA is playing with their search logic to try to match up guests with properties to try to convert more guests into bookings.  Unfortunately this means that they are effectively throwing out the subscription level as the top lever and are now doing a different thing every week to maximize booking revenue.  Eventually the best match will probably be driven by properties with more bookings and higher rates so that they can get more guest fees.", 
"Prior to that, he was a top strategist in Ebay and on Paypal's executive leadership team for 10 years.", 
"Are people really able to do chargebacks for dissatisfying stays? They could technically claim anything and everything to get a refund. No banks really honor this, right? I mean, most chargebacks are due to claiming fraud or stolen credit card right???", 
"Sorry I really messed up with my analytics chart post yesterday.", 
" ", "I have to somewhat disagree. HA has been plagued with bad reviews and news stories about guests being scammed and bad owners (the ones most likely that only care about \"heads in beds\").", 
"Retrieving data ...", "$9,072.73", "Just as with the commissions (I know they prefer fee but it's a commission) Some travelers pay 4% and some get screwed and pay 10%. Someday HA will have to explain to some regulator why some folks got screwed over with the 10% while other paid only 4%", 
" for every day that no communication comes from HA on this and owners are left to flounder in the dark and unknown, subscriptions are being cancelled and owner listing portfolios are being diversified. This is not good business practice and it will not cultivate homeowner retention and satisfaction. ", 
"If only Sharkles could understand that, and stopped destroying VRBO in his quest to become more like AirBnB  and trying to drive a square peg into a round hole. Closed communications process may be OK when there is an owner on premises (AirBnB) renting spare room or back apartment on the property. Closed communications do not work with owners renting stand alone unique VR where owner may not even be near by. 10% commission may be OK when you are renting a $60/room for 2 nights. 10% commission WILL NOT WORK when you are renting a $250/night house for a week. And so on and so forth. ", 
" ", "under a subscription model, I don't believe they can deliver to me what they would need to in order to keep me. Given their relationships with PMs, they can't deliver to me the premium positioning I have paid for and deliver the premium positioning they have guaranteed to these high volume property managers. ", 
"u0999 wrote:", " ", " ", " ", "   66 AirBnB service fee (estimate)", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "I got this inquiry two weeks ago.  I don't know this guy from Adam.  How come he's not calling Customer Service and asking them for recommendations?", 
"Yes, I don't like that either....what if they make a mistake in their \"editing\" will they be responsible??? Oh my goodness, I can't believe that they did that. They should have instructed the owner as to what was a violation and let them edit their own listing. WOW!!", 
" ", " It's really a shame people don't put themselves in others shoes when they consider their options. Kindergarten taught so many useful things. ", 
"I believe since the service fee was instituted that VRBO dropped the PPB fee to 5% plus 3% for credit card fees.", 
"Sure am glad the best match will result in more qualified inquiries.", 
" ", "", "Do you allow your guests to discuss renting a different house the following year while in your house?  I don't.  If they do, I take their beach pass away from them.  So there.", 
"Yesterday when I talked to Jeff Mosler, I pressed him on \"step four\". he said he has no knowledge of FUTURE plans, but as far as he knows, there is no such plan in 2016. I told him that most responsible hands-on owners (including myself) will be GONE if that were to happen. We will not allow unvetted travelers into our homes, whether there is a traveler review or not. Traveler review is useless if person used different log in email, or they have never used VRBO before.  And I told them that HA always LOVES to use ABB as example - I said I can take OCASSIONAL risk with my 1 or 2 ABB bookings a year with travelers I cannot personally vet. I will not take such risk on day to day basis with 50 or 60% of my bookings sourced from VRBO, if VRBO went that way. Not going to happen. ", 
" ", "As part of that reversion, I expect to have the service fee removed from my listing as it is not included in the 9/15 Terms and Conditions.  ", 
"This is the correct answer. VRBO was not hacked. Owners get hacked mostly because they use the same passwords for many accounts. I used to manage a website with about 8000 online user accounts. When I took over the site, the prior manager just sent me a list of 8000 email accounts and the passwords they used for access to my site. I would imagine that at least 5% of those PWs on my site were the same as for the owner's email. (Ya'll still with me?)", 
" ", "They want eat the cake, have us pay for the ingredients, make the cake, and clean up the mess.", 
" ", "Then you will know there was a violation!", " ", "I think this is what I have enjoyed the most about owning the houses. Sadly, BIN will remove much of the communication between our guests and us.", 
" ", "Hi there:", " ", " ", "Take a read of this article - it's a good perspective on the discussion we've all been having.", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", "sent you a friend request", "If you are indeed processing payments through HA, you are right that there is some bug in the software. I don't understand why CS would not investigate your complaint. Try leaving Feedback instead of going through the phone system -- they are all overwhelmed right now dealing with the complaints about the service fee. ", 
"I have already priced lower demand weeks accordingly. ", "Ya think? you should be content with whatever bookings then send your way, whenever they send them. Planning schmlanning. They know better what should rent and when , they have this secret sauce algorithm. Just wait till they \"strongly suggest\" what price you should have. Don't you get that you are interchangeable 'supplier\" and your property just as interchangeable unit  of \"inventory\". Now, get in line and wait for your turn. HA (aka big brother)  knows better.", 
"Thank you for doing this.", "these guys are fighting to stay alive, should be interesting.", 
" ", "Just a reminder, HA isn't a publicly traded company any more. I was a shareholder … my HA stock was converted to Expedia stock in November. And HA is now a very small piece of a very big machine. I doubt that HA's performance can impact Expedia's stock in any meaningful ways, but if HA doesn't meet their \"numbers\" … the financial goals Expedia sets for them … things will probably get unpleasant in the Austin offices.", 
"HomeAway may face a class action by owners over its new guest fee - Tnooz", 
"potato wrote:", "I currently have restricted my Airbnb calendar to off season periods.  I am very tempted to lower my rates for these weeks (6-8 weeks).  I don't rent very. much of the off season, my summer bookings are my bread and butter - whatever is rented in the off season is just extra.  Lowering the rates could attract a few guests, followed by reviews, and then I could establish myself on the site.", 
"I would suggest starting over.", "Others have told me your placement is based on rating.  False again as #2 in line has an 80% rating, less reviews and lower star rating  and others varied from 80% to 63%", 
"I received an inquiry for a week's rental from the Ukraine.  Fine.  However, after responding the house was available, I got a song and dance about using credit cards is not safe so \"she\" would arrange a check to be sent to me.  This was exactly what happened last year.  Then I was new to VRBO so sent my info and then got a reply that there had been a mistake and two checks had been sent, and would I cash them both and then send back some of the money.  Of course that really raised the red flags.  ", 
" ", " ", "Mine is changing back and forth - sometimes with it differing from it's display on the estimate, to the quote, to the payment documents.", 
"NOW Hale did say sometime ago that they were not going to do this. They were not going to hold money. That is the only way I will do business with them. I will not allow anyone in my property with our payment in advance.", 
" ", "Are you getting lots of inquiries there?", "But, I can continue to post my protest of \"improovements\", diversity my marketing, and \"walk\" whenever I feel ready. It's all the \"leverage\" I have, but if multiplied by the thousands of other owners who may share my concerns, it could be something.", 
"thale", "I just finished my taxes for 2015 and at the end of the day I made about $3000.  When I first started renting I was just fine with this, I just wanted to cover my expenses while I was out of state taking care of a relative but after 3 years I think I'm done.  ", 
"You can actually tweak the calendar widget in a way that calendar still shows, but no clickable link to VRBO. ", 
"A Plea to Top management, to help me before I lose my Home.", 
"  *Your methods will not be saved until you click Submit.", 
" ", " ", "The fee is a reality, and it is here to stay. And I *get* that.", 
"HA wants to be the middle man.  They will gladly take 40% of the booking income if we allow them.", 
" ", "As an avid supporter of the HA family (12 years tenure and always with the highest tier) I admit to being an early adopter of the latest incentives that you guys have brought out such as HA payments BIN etc.", 
"Oh, another one. I manage another home here in my neighborhood for a couple who live about 1.5 hrs away. We had a huge devastating fire in September in our county and withing weeks all homes and motels were inundated with renters from afar. FEMA contractors. I personally hosted two young men from TN in my basement for 6 weeks.", 
"Grimm - NBC.com", "When I looked at setting up alternate payments a few months ago, there was a notation that the bank account that I used had to be one that would allow HomeAway to debit the account.  (This was the reason I didn't set up alternate payments - this didn't smell right to me.)  I think its safe to assume if HomeAway makes a payment on either the Carefree Rental Guarantee or the Book With Confidence Guarantee it will debit your account if it can.", 
"The pop-up banners already used to forewarn of pending expiration could (and should) include timely messaging.", 
" ", "Look into the \"page frog\" plug in and there are others mentioned in Leslie's blog. Kudos to you for being brave and tackling the issue. Suppose that's the best part of WP google loves em, and that's what plug ins are for ", 
"Okay. Because if I did, I would quit.", "Resentful bondage is a very apt description of what many owners are feeling right now.", 
"I don't think we have any reason to suspect that PMs don't have different, bulk agreements with different terms.  Why wouldn't they?", 
" ", "My final payment is due 60 days in advance to allow the check to clear. Did not know this about VRBO's echecks. Thank you for the information.", 
"I didn't think I could do that either, but when I put in my preference for Credit Cards (I didn't realize that my preference was for e-checks, until I looked), I then checked as if I was a guest and it only showed Credit Card option. Maybe I am missing something, but if not, I love it! ", 
"Robin", " ", "", "Thanks!  So what should one do ?  Drop from Platinum to ?  Go to a different vacation rental platform ?   Being a member for 15 years, this is pretty frustrating.", 
" ", "Yes, in any situation involving a credit card that is true - and they have a long window to do it.  They also get two bites at the apple by complaining to the booking agent, the payment processor, and the cc company.", 
" ", "Very different reasons from what guests see when they try to book. I'm sure VRBO thinks this rationale will appeal more to owners, but to me it just confirms that the fee is not being imposed to cover any specific cost at all.", 
"Their response in part to this is a fee to provide the traveler with protection and 24/7 support. The rest is Expedia trying to 're-coup the buyout.", 
"I just got a booking from Homeaway.co.uk with no service fee added on or quoted. ", 
"$499 fee", "I don't believe that regulators will get involved, but it will be interesting to hear if anyone does get the fee waived until renewal?", 
"", "Retrieving data ...", "This is a scam and they are trying to get homeowners to click on a malicious link. ", 
" ", " ", "", "I confess, I'm somewhat out of my depth with this group.  I'm used to business people focused on growing their business and constantly adjusting their business processes and their marketing and promotion to stay independent and competitive to grow their businesses because if they don't do that, they don't have much business or for very long.  While real estate based businesses are generally less susceptible to swift market changes and are attractive to many for that reason, it never occurred to me that VR owners wouldn't all be pursuing those things, nor that some of the very good information offered (by Carol, and vrrentcamera and others) would not just be ignored (which is fine), but met with such hostility, let alone in the wake of people having so misjudged the business operations of HA/VRBO to have gotten both their daily business operations and their marketing of their business so enmeshed with HA/VRBO that the service fee was a significant blow to their filling their rental calendars.  The people who didn't do that and/or saw the writing on the wall have been posting here over the last 2-3 years and giving valuable guidance that could have made this whole service fee fiasco less significant for you as well, but it seems that wasn't a topic of interest.", 
"it is, however, something I will consider and am presently trying.", 
"1166=guest pays", " ", "Thoughts?", "1.  How do I get these inquires to continue to the actual booking phase thru VRBO, with the added $495.00 service fee? Another way to word this is: How do I convince potiental guests that paying the extra $495.00 they will be getting something of value, that to them is worth $495.00?", 
"When I was in sales/customer service I surely didn't send my valued customers links....that's an insult saying you don't believe they are worthy of your time for an honest explanation.  A good salesperson can explain what they are actually selling.", 
"", "Next thing we know, they will be establishing our nightly rates!", 
"About the owner: When shopping for your next vacation home, consider taking “The Carolina Beach Realty Advantage”. It is here that you will find no hidden fees, no additional costs and no unexpected add-ons. We understand that no one appreciates being “nickled and dimed”, which is why our all-inclusive pricing makes it easy for you when comparing prices of similar properties. Not to mention Carolina Beach Realty is cheaper than competitors.", 
"I agree that people can be oblivious.  Have you contacted these neighbors and explained how the lights impact you?  I'd ask them to only turn on the lights when they are using the dock.  They may ignore your request, but it's worth a shot.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "Susan", "Have I missed anything? ", "Just shocking.  What other industry tells another independent business how they will run their own business..or else?  ", 
"lol tandoori.  If we acted in a similar fashion to Homeaway, our guests would run . . . . and that's exactly what owners are doing, running from Homeaway. ", 
"I Don't understand all of the discussion behind vetting Airbnb guests. This has not been a problem for me and in fact, I believe It to be superior to what vrbo currently has, which is nothng. Just a name and an email and a phone number. On Airbnb, there is verification that is available and also there is direct feedback from other owners who have rented to them in the past, sort of like a credit report. I don't see a problem? Maybe I am missing something? ", 
"Tom Hale probably realized he was throwing gas on the fire and has backed off in hopes it will just burn itself out.", 
"Since the terms and conditions explicitly require you to dispute to legal in writing via postal mail, you already have your answer.", 
" ", " ", "Thanks for posting carol.", "", "Carol all the other options now available will be irrelevant in a short period of time. You will be forced to use on line booking. You will be forced to use ONLY H/A payments. There will be NO communication between guest and owner until payment is made and fee is collected. If you want to stay on H/A VRBO now knowns as expedia this is what you will be forced to do. ", 
"ABB CS hasn't had to deal with the onslaught of enraged customers, both owners and travelers, so I suspect that accounts for a small percentage of the fact that ABB CS is pleasant while HA's is horrible.  But I do think it's mostly that there is an authoritarian attitude at HA that definitely emanates throughout the company even here on Community where their paying customers are banned or comments are deleted, or they are otherwise silenced, just because one person has the power to deem something offensive and has a button they can hit.  But we can't hit a button to do away with what we deem to be offensive - namely being forced to hand our properties and businesses over the HA to control, and in fact you kind of get the feeling they are laughing at us when we complain about it, with a LOT of pain there.  ", 
" ", "I used to do the same. Being able to have \"nervous\" guests that inquired elsewhere pay through HomeAway helped calm them with a realization that they weren't just sending money via PayPal to some Joe Schmoe. And HA got a small cut on the credit card transaction. Now, with the cowardly named \"Service Fee\", I will no longer be able to do that to my guests. HA loses the small cut and the guest data* that they were getting and I have to find another venue to help with such guests.", 
"Take a read of this article - it's a good perspective on the discussion we've all been having.", 
"Delivering bookings is great, but it sounds like HA and Airbnb are going to become the Coke and Pepsi of the vacation home rental business. Having spent my first decade out of college working in marketing and advertising for coca-cola, I can tell you that there is certainly brand preference for those products, but the gatekeeper often makes a choice at the POS (point of sale for you non marketing folks) based upon positioning of product and price. It's Coke OR Pepsi that makes it into the shopping cart. But this is a bit different. Travelers habits will soon be formed and they will rent from either HA OR from Airbnb and that decision will be based upon who has the best inventory, who has the best website dynamic functionality and who delivers the best product at a competitive price.", 
"Two months ago I was singing the praises of VRBO to anybody who would listen. I was a happy, happy camper and had no desire to diversify my listing site portfolio. I was happy to have all of my eggs in one basket and I trusted that that was a sound and safe decision. I don't feel that way anymore and the trust that I had in VRBO is all but gone.", 
" ", " ", "Is everyone in?", "Ok....I've tried adding all the posters as friend who've I've \"liked\" their request.  ", 
"I don't accept HA payments. I do all payments outside HA. But it's not accurate that I won't get credit for a booking that way - I have two listings that operate the same way. One is experiencing this problem and the other isn't. Neither accepts HA payments. One shows up as 10 out of 10 declines no matter what, and the other correctly adjusts when I accept a new booking. If your acceptance rate is 0% even though you accept online bookings, then you're having the same issue. It should have nothing to do with HA payments.", 
" ", "It is challenging to say if you will book as you usually do, as it's impossible to know if some listings you compete with,  will leave.", 
"Too bad that you need to have On Line Booking enabled on your listings to take part in this.", 
" ", "TThe kicker is that I was dinged for turning a BIN down. Seriously. ", 
" ", "First you have to take care of your own property as far as promoting it. Most will stay with H/A for the short term until other sites start to produce. I see a very short term drop in H/A revenue start to climb then fall off the face of the earth.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "Thanks for the updated information.We are okay with the accommodation and cost .I'll make an arrangement with our Accountant to make and mail a Bank Check for the full amount through Regular Mail so we can be assured of our reservation.I don't have access to a bank transfer nor  pay pal account.I can only instruct my Accountant to issue the Bank check in Euros for easy cashing at your bank so i hope you can understand.So provide me with the information she need below:", 
"I have also listed on homescapes but have not had an inquiry yet. The VR landscape is now fully diluted with various sites, (we have eight). HA has always performed the best but the others are good to use to supplement if you get a booking. There are no complete answers.", 
"HI there:", " ", "It is just bizarre.", "A bit more than I had expected when I listed.  Very nice people there that are anxious to help, and will help you bring over your guest comments.", 
" ", "His last post was 3/11 at 8 pm", " ", "That will at least prevent directing people back to VRBO, but doesn't eliminate VRBO monitoring where else you are marketing, though, right?", 
" ", " ", "So yeah, I don't work for Tom Hale, but while we are on this ship together, our interests may be aligned somewhat. ", 
"Don't you have a dog to walk or a hockey game to watch? Or perhaps some soul-searching meditation to do? Or an anger management class to attend?", 
" ", "As for being banned, there are many large thriving communities of HA and ex HA owners on Facebook, posting ton tweeter, on consumer reports, site grabber, yahoo and so many places it is hard to keep up with it all.", 
"We do a video wine blog and we have a small collection ourselves.", 
" ", " ", " ", "I really don't care what steps or rules H/A has or will have. It means nothing. This guarantee worries me more than the fee. Once the public learns that they can spend days or weeks in a home and then complain to get money back it will happen more that any of us can imagine.", 
" ", "The service fee started on 2/16/16  Todays date it 3/06/16  I'm not sure this is an adequate yard stick for measuring anything.  ", 
"I am not in mass condo. I have 2  custom log cabins in the Smokies. Not in one of the cookie-cutter plan all-same builder PUDs they have around here either. However, I am competing with probably 10,000 other cabins plus hotels/motes plus time shares. So yeah, we are very price sensitive here. ", 
"You have eloquently stated the description of a large group of VRO's on--and off--- this forum.......the sad truth is, our moral stance, work ethics and achievements are of no interest to HA----they now have other fish to fry in a big new kettle and the independent self-reliant owner is totally irrelevant on their menu.  We can rave and rant as they bulldoze their plans into reality but I honestly think this train left the station months ago. Maybe it is time to just quietly slip into the shadows and reestablish the traditional VRO platform elsewhere and leave HA strutting about in their new business model....", 
" ", "Yes. They do and will get treated better than private owners.  Here is why.  PM's business strategy is the same as Expedia's. \" We don't care about your property. All we care about is getting people to book it and get us OUR money. We don't care about YOUR money as long as we get OURS. If a renter destroys your property that is not our fault. That is your responsibility. We don't care what kind of person rents your place. That is not our concern. Our focus is on us not you. Our fee is the only thing we care about\". ", 
"If I were to \"build in\" the cleaning cost then someone loses....either me or the guests.  ", 
"Mlbmaine, many of the phishing fraudsters were opening personal accounts at Barclay's Bank in London, having the funds wired to them, and then closing the account and disappearing before anyone raised an alarm.  Barclay's is being investigated for failure to check id when settting up accounts. So the travelers sent money to a personal bank account, but the account owner was a fraud. ", 
"I agree with you on that Swlinphx.  I don't think it is likely they will try to pull a scam on the balance.  A lot of my guests do not book that far in advance though.  The last two weekends, guests booked less than 7 days out.  ", 
"An Incredible View", "Again, citing MV is truly puzzling to me . . . It's not a good example of how homeaway's \"improvements\" will benefit anyone.", 
"", "I would wait to see what happens in February first.  Most of us are planning or have already started to diversify with other platforms, our own website, etc.  I predict that the backlash is going to be so large that HA will decrease the booking fee but only time will tell.  In the end we are all going to have to either drop our rates or try to facilitate guests finding our individual websites and booking without traveler fees.  I believe that we are all going to see a huge up-tick in inquiries, questions and phone calls as guests scramble to understand the changes.  We already have merchant accounts setup on two different platforms and can begin taking individual bookings tomorrow if we need to.  There is another thread talking about owner websites and what hosting platforms work well, take a look at that if you are interested in starting your own website and taking bookings off of VRBO/HA.", 
"It is odd that the protections that Paypal merchants take for granted never followed Mr Bellm to HA.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "well, I wonder. because they have not been applying fee equally and uniformly (i.e some listings have the fee and some ended up being \"exempt\") this may be a case of \"disparate treatment\" discrimination. I work for a bank, and we are being trained how to not even inadvertently discriminate against any customer by  means of disparately treating them. (never mind that I am in IT and I never get to interact with actual customers). ", 
"LIke the old saying goes.... A problem is just an opportunity in disguise.....", 
"It took close to 3 weeks but today my new trial listing was approved on VHR, I like their website and it's very easy to set up your listing. Up until last month I was spending an average of an hour a week on VRBO and managing my listing, for the last three weeks I'm spending a couple hours a day researching other ways to market my rentals, not really what I wanted to be doing but I've learnt a ton and maybe before I was a little bit complacent? ", 
" ", "This move has forced HA into the role of just another OTA, online travel agent, like Expedia is for hotels and cars and flights. Although their inventory is condos, vacation homes and villas. ", 
"Apparently they charge the fee as a separate transaction to the guest CC.", 
"\"The sales tax applies to the sales price, which includes the entire amount the customer must pay for the item purchased.\"", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", " ", "I agree 100% that you should share more context, not just send a link However, I'd do both. Explain AND send the link and encourage them to read the coverage.", 
"<\"I found your property and just had to compliment you on the beauty of the photos and the many positive reviews. I also was impressed with your responses to each client. Unfortunately, your place is reserved during our planned visit. Would you have any other VRBO recommendations for in your general area. Thank you.\">", 
"Yea what you did was alert the traveler to an extra fee before H/A could collect it. They don't like that. Now, you can't mention anything about the fee or contact me for info. \"Any contact between you and the guest is prohibited by H/A. Until the fee is paid\". That statement is coming in the next month or two. ", 
" ", "Agreed, nobody knows it is a problem unless someone speaks up! ", 
"(smh!!! I left hill5185 of my list, too. That's simply a disgrace! Sorry, hill.)", 
" ", "How could I have missed miss this one?", "", "It's either that or having our business die a very slow death as they are doing now.  Only have had one request in the past month.  Summer is rapidly approaching and J, J, A are our busiest months.  I should have written J. J. A. were our busiest months.", 
"Sure, that would be peachy. It's all good. No worries!", "Fee will be there at least until Sharples collects his prize and leaves. He has to prove to Expedia that it was worth buying HA. After that, most likely HA will either a) drive HA into the ground or b) change it beyond recognition into a hotel-booking service, or a little bit of both. ", 
"Thank you for your detailed record of service fee facts, and your stance and persistence in challenging Homeaway.  You are a gem!", 
"Remember when the celebrity personal images were hacked? Not Apple's fault -- dumb people who's accounts were compromised. Once a thief can open your email, they can see inquiries and the email of the guest.... and then write back, even from your account. Or add a forward of your inbox to theirs.", 
" ", "", "Hello mr. sharples,", "Steve", "But the bottom line for me is that these two companies are the same at this point, ultimately.  I really don't care if CS is nice to me right now.  The issues we are dealing with are much, much bigger than that.", 
"I believe having real communication improves the outcome for guest and host.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "regards,", " ", "let me know if you got in?  ", 
" ", " ", "The heavy demand weeks sell themselves, in fact 5 weeks were reserved almost a year in advance by repeat guests.", 
" ", "I'm guessing that's a carrot. I wish tomhale would have their ad agency produce a 3 minute video that explains the benefits of BIN. Honestly, if it were communicated clearly, I am guessing more people would see the value in it. I agree it should remain optional if you have paid to subscribe (like we all have) but if more people understood it and saw some stats to back it up, they would like it.", 
"im guessing expedis stock has been downgraded. ", "To add salt to the wound, I just received an email from VRBO stating that while people are looking at my property, they are not booking. Well maybe if those who are inquiring about my property were willing to Efing PAY FOR IT, I WOULD ACCEPT THEM!!!!", 
"I agree with VR … HA views us as a commodity and are behaving as if there's a never-ending supply of VRs that will step in if/when longtime owners start bailing out. Are they right? Remains to be seen. But it's painfully obvious they're putting zero effort into retaining longtime, loyal owners.", 
"Second Expedia does realize this. That is the reason for the fictitious guarantee. This will help bring people to book through them knowing that they can, at any time register a complaint with Expedia and receive a full refund. This phony guarantee will be funded by us the owner and not by expedia. ", 
"Have you done this and seen that it works?", "I am unlikely to use Airbnb for my prime summer weeks because of the cancellation policy limitations and the holding of funds until check in.  BUT, I could easily handle these issues for off season rentals.  And, lowering rates on weeks I do not usually rent will only cost me my maintenance expenses and a bit of wear and tear.  Thinking seriously on this . . . .", 
"Maybe one day I can make a video for you for free, or hire someone else to make one.  Use a drone of course with a VERY wide angle lens.", 
"Yet other agents have told me the placement is based on number of reviews.  This is also false as out of 445 rentals in my area (no filters chosen), I am #5 on reviews.", 
"In response this time, when I saw she was from Ukraine and used almost the exact same language as last year, I told her I would not rent to her, that the inquiry was a scam and that I was going to report her to the proper authorities and to VRBO.", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", " ", "You need to investigate how you can change your settings to get paid prior to check in. Holding money will only open the door for a guest to complain after a few days at your property knowing they can get money back easy. Same thing applies with their guarantee. Just a way for a guest to get a free or cheaper vacation.", 
"Yep, and one of my lodging taxes just went up to 13.85%. Seriously, people.", 
"Good to know!  thanks!", "That's all.  ", "At least he's not locking discussions and causing missed answers and duplicate posts anymore.", 
"Now that the service fee is in play, I am not getting the bookings so I am losing money.", 
"Ok, I stand corrected.  I just got my first booking via HA since the service fee from the traveler I thought was bogus.  I hope this is a sign of things to come.  ", 
"I own one Home, I list it Twice on VRBO, one under Celebration and the other under Orlando, I pay for Platinum on both, and i also use Featured Listings and have the World Wide Bundles, I respond within the Hour (although i live 9 Hours Forward in a different time Zone) I have 40, 5 Star Reviews, I have all the Photos, and I have been with you since 2003, and have a 5 Digit Number on both Listings. ", 
" Edit your payment methods:  ", "How do you know somebody contacted the news in Seattle? Serious question. ", 
" ", "My hope is that HA will rethink their communications strategy with this group. And that they will give us a break on the subscription prices since they are now monetizing our properties from the other end. We need to get something in return for that, and if it's web traffic increased from their advertising, great. But they must at least match their competition in how they do business with their vacation home inventory suppliers.", 
" ", " ", "All these innovations have always worked very well for me, as I personally prefer a more automated process to quickly reply, accept and process the booking. I know that some people like to engage with the potential guest first, which is fine by me, but my personal preference is based on the premise that if the guest wants to book with me and accepts my T's &C's then that good for me.", 
"Anyway, three management personnel from a huge fire remediation company in Los Angeles contracted for this other home for several months. (they are still there). Its gorgeous, with numerous french doors that open onto a deck with views over two fairways. After two weeks being there, they still were unable to enjoy the deck or get to the BBQ because they couldn't open the doors. WHAT?", 
"", "If you want to believe H/A and their rules go ahead. That is up to you.  I hope the rules are true and I hope H/A protects us. I am not holding my breath.  All I am saying is you better be prepared.", 
"I am being a little snarky as it applies to the serious nature of agreeing to terms and methods of notification as I mentioned in another post referring to:", 
" ", "Are you quite sure that the owner won't be affected Hill5185?  My understanding is that first the renter has to do a chargeback against an owner, and fail to  win it along with other requirements.  I wish I could believe that \" The fee is between the traveler and HA- if the traveler is not satisfied that's on HA's shoulders.\"  but I feel it will come out of my pocket.  And them guaranteeing their SD refunds will not be without unfairly is very risky to owners without specifics of how the decision will be made.", 
"TE are dealing with us as if we are a unified large corporation. This is how they negotiate with, for example, Marriott. It might be a successful tactic yo squeeze and impose such things on a giant corporation, but we are a group of individuals who each are running our own small business. These negotiation and communication tactics are not ones that work when you are dealing with one million small business owners. ", 
"If HA reversed course on this disastrous mistake and issued a very public mea culpa, they might be able to retain some of the goodwill they've built up over the years, but their stubbornness on this issue makes that seem unlikely. Then again, never say never.", 
" ", "I believe that it goes to both the state of Fl. and the County.  I pay 7% to the state and 6% to the county on every rental.", 
" ", " ", "You are right, Carol.  I know that HA discourages wire transfers, but they seem to be more concerned about wiring money to a firm such as Western Union, rather than to an owner's personal bank account.  I am glad that I don't have last minute rentals and only take personal checks.  My final payment is due 45 days before the rental commences to make sure that there is enough time for the check to clear.", 
"Perhaps Mr. Sharples mentioned Marha's Vineyard because the Obama family vacations there.  (They don't have to worry about ferry reservations.)", 
".", "Makes sense.  We've had our own website for years (15) and it used to generate the most inquiries but when AirBNB got more successful, that seemed to drop.  I'll need to brush up on Google Adwords optimization, etc.", 
"Yapstone does nothing to verify the identity of the person using the charge, as you've now discovered.   Heavens, even my local gas station requires me to enter the zip code of my billing address at the pump.  ", 
"You're protection in those cases comes down to the quality of your rental agreement and the accuracy of your listing and your housekeeping/inspection team.  If you have a one or two page rental agreement like VRBO suggests, you're probably not covering yourself for contingencies - and some customers know this and select those over agreements that are comprehensive.", 
" ", "Also, these two owner-friendly justifications fall apart when you consider that it's guests who pay this fee. It's like Ticketmaster telling the buyer \"We're charing you an extra $15 for this ticket so we can attract more buyers (i.e., more people who will compete with you for seats). And the increased cost will make it more likely that you will buy the ticket.\" Preposterous.", 
"Not every traveler gets scammed or ends up in a place that is nothing like the advertised description, but every traveler is paying for the ones that do and I believe they are being overcharged with this new fee. Plus, owners are paying.", 
"I noticed when the quote was done that the number was flat. I thought maybe Homeaway was excluding it from quotes, but when the guest confirmed it showed that there was no addition then either. ", 
"So the range is really 4%-9%, not 10%.", "It appears that PMs are allowed to keep the wording about saving on the fee by booking directly without their listing being disabled. Talk about unequal treatment.", 
"", "Anyways, my VRBO renewal is in mid May, my inquiries and bookings are down drastically since this new Service Fee started, so only time will tell if I stay or if I go!!", 
"On my computer, I went directly to VacationHomeRentals(dot)com and I can log in and navigate just fine. ", 
" ", "No they dont.  The fee to HA is paid during the same transaction as the payment to owner.", 
" ", "One of my mentors used to like to tell me there are two sorts of business people in the world, those who trip on an uneven sidewalk and curse the sidewalk, and those who One of my mentors used to like to tell me there are two sorts of business people in the world, those who trip on an uneven sidewalk and adjust their walking routine so they don't trip in the future.  My suggestion that you might want to consult professionals in areas where professional advice is both normal and expected in business wasn't a jab - it was a constructive suggestion aimed at helping you avoid further tripping.  But, feel free to waste your time titling at windmills and cursing the sidewalk.", 
"to be perfectly honest, I will go where it makes the most economic sense to me and where I have a reasonable expectation of successful rentals. ", 
"Owner gets", " ", "I Need to do some maintenance on my home in April. When I go in to block the time, it's generating a payment request and I am getting my scorecard lowered for not paying thru vrbo system. There is no need for me to pay myself to stay at my house to have the deck replaced and the pool resurfaced, doing so, I would incur hundreds of dollars I. Servuce fees.", 
"2.  How do I explain what the booking fee covers? --- I have heard your answer in the forum that\" this fee protects the traveller from double bookings and that VRBO/HA will provide them a place to stay if this is the case\"  For me this is not an acceptable answer to give my guests. I am the sole owner of this property, this is my only vacation rental listed on VRBO, this is the only vacation rental I own.  For me to tell my guests it protects them against double booking, makes me sound incompetent and untrustworthy to do my own bookings and keep track of them.", 
" ", "Want my drug dealer? Remember, he has money to burn.", 
"You are a bad person u0999. You better get straight. H/A will spank you. LOL. ", 
" ", "They are absolutely not oblivious. My house has been here since 1987.  An upscale community ( Homes starting at $1million and priced on up to the sky ) was created next to my house. The owners in the development don't  like that my house sits on the waterfront on the best private lot. They built up a brick wall around their homes and development, and made the lot next to me into their group plot of land and community dock. We used it for parking for 20 years prior. They tried to put a brick wall  too but my deed restrictions prevented them from building a wall, so they had to plant shrubs instead. They wanted to feel the  \"ownership\"  of the dirt, so they came in and put cute no trespassing signs and a bright street light pole on the lot.  Then they can all drive past the lot, and past my house, and they can know they have ownership of the dirt.  Then of course the instigator of all this went bankrupt and moved, but the damage and relic of his ego remains behind.", 
" ", "Based on your strict booking requirements, your conversions will be significantly lower than the rest of us...not surprising.  ", 
" ", "I've been surprised that so many owners have not resisted the heavy handed, coercive tactics and the culture of penalty for not \"complying\".  Too many defend them by saying they work for THEM while dismissing the pain and problems they have caused so many others, rather than agreeing that these things should of course be options for owners who want them but should not be forced onto owners who do not.  In my opinion, those owners are partly culpable in getting us to where we are now, because not only was there no foresight on their part, no awareness of the big picture that was going on (HA taking control of their own properties and businesses), but they assisted HomeAway is silencing and penalizing those who did see it, were warning others of it, etc.  ", 
"Here is a screen shot of my inquiries column, Sept. 2015 to current.  I'm also a J,J,A rental, and this is the busy booking season, or usually is", 
"", "This is incorrect, jl11.  ", "Consider yourself lucky that they didnt disable your listing for asking  !!", 
"I did change my password immediately, for VRBO and for the email attached to my account.  Does anyway have a direct # to call for the Security Dept. so I don't have to wait on hold forever.... ", 
"Ask Bill to do the same.", "Property listings should not direct travelers to third-party websites.", 
"I want to opt out of the service fee as a platinum level global bundle customer that paid over $1800 to list my home on your site. The service fee was not a part of the terms and conditions of the contract we entered into with you. I will accept the fee when I renew (if I renew) as at that time I would have to accept new terms. Until that renewal date in May, I don't want to pay you a fee or have my guests charged that fee.", 
" ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", "*This was done with guest permission as they were nervous about sending a check or PayPal payment to little old me and felt better releasing their data and making payment through an established entity.", 
"regards,", "Taking a macro view and looking at YOUR business in regards to Airbnb, forgetting bookings etc, both companies will have to duke it out to capture the inventory of listings that you derive your revenue from. If airbnb isn't charging a subscritption fee to the listers and they are providing more than what you currently provide to people who pay to list on your site, how will you keep your competitive advantage? If you lose inventory, that will impact the \"popularity\" of your site and the monthly number of unique web visitors will decline. And that will in turn impact the performance of the listings that remain on your site. Which will erode your inventory and the spiral continues downward.", 
"I actually AGREE with many of the changes but I think they were implemented so poorly, I feel as if they pulled a fast one on me. I also don't feel valued or respected and I have begun to even question the validity of my analytics. This is a disaster for HomeAway. I know I am not the only one who feels this way, the majority of people do.", 
" ", " ", "Did you get in?", "I will add more \"friends\" as requests come in....and will indicate by \"liking\" their post.", 
"I have called twice and sent multiple emails after VRBO requested to send screenshots showing the problem and comparing the two listings since at the outset they didn't even understand what I was talking about.", 
" ", "My bookings are booking as usual this year,  as previous years. Best weeks get taken by repeat guest as soon as they leave. Then in January, the highest demand weeks fill in, then the lower demand weeks fill in.", 
" ", "I agree. Just like the Internet put travel agents out of business.  ", 
"Then you get those who like to say that they work for Non-profits and they are on a budget, however when you search these poor bedraggled, overworked non profit employees and find that  they are indeed  highly  paid administrators, well you just have to laugh. Seriously just laugh all the way to the bank", 
" ", "We all need to promote other sites, our own anything other than Expedia. As soon as you have another place working for you drop your H/A account like a hot rock.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "She will need the above information...", 
"https://skift.com/2016/03/16/marriott-strikes-back-with-another-direct-booking-push/?utm_campaign=Daily+Newsletter&utm_s…", 
"We're still A/B testing the labeling of the service fee on the checkout process on our sites. ", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", "I should have mentioned, the service is free for both property owners and reserving guests - absolutely no charges whatsoever - purely advertiser supported business model.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", " ", "  *Updates will not be saved until you click Submit.", 
"They started a thread about it here suggesting that everyone contact their local newspapers and TV stations to let them know that Homeaway was now way more expensive than Airbnb. If you search the forum for the word Moronic I am sure it will pop right up..", 
"You would have more impact without resorting to verbal berating. It doesn't work well unless you are Elon Musk. ", 
" ", "The owner community has spoken loud and clear. We will not put up with this.", 
"You can find us on Facebook at Facebook.com/50ShadesOfGrape or on our blog at www.50ShadesOfGrape.com :-) ", 
" ", " ", "Mr. Smith climbs to the top of Mt. Sinai to get close enough to talk to God.", 
"I haven't finished reading this post but it brings up the article I read yesterday: http://www.usatoday.com/story/travel/advice/2016/03/14/fake-disability-injury-illness/81638118/", 
" ", "I'm scratching my head over the references to the first quarter of 2016, wouldn't that be the end of March, not the beginning?", 
"My question to you: how would the credit card company satisfy a charge back with an \"owner\" for a portion of a fee they never received. It's an interesting question and one that begs an answer. If you dive into the many pages of \"charge back\" small print I believe a credit card company can not reverse a fee that was not paid. Owner's don't receive the fee - if the \"service fee\" was charged back wouldn't a separate transaction be filed against HA to collect the \"fee\" portion? ", 
"Don't get confused please.", "Not saying \"never\", but it is unlikely", 
"My wife and I for several months, (pre H/A changes) were looking for another property. We must have been in 40 different places. Several were ran by PM's. These were so bad, so filthy, so disgusting that we did not even want to sit on a chair. We could tell form the time we walk into a place if it was run by a PM. The place next door to us was for sale and we made an offer on it. It is being run by a PM. I called in a professional cleaning company to give me an estimate. It was so dirty they told me three days just to clean. I am not even going to post the price because you would call me a liar. We have been at our place when the PM rents the place next door to last minute people. So bad we had to call the police. I reported it to our HOA. ", 
"That's correct. . . . I was speaking a bit more generally.", 
"Like you, I prefer personal checks, with all payments at least 30 days out so there is time for the check to clear.  On those rare occasions when I have a last minute rental, I use Paypal and keep my fingers crossed. I'm thinking that I might ask for ID for any last minute guests from now on.  ", 
"What bothers me is Homeaway is not taking into consideration the scenario of someone discovering two weeks later that someone used their checking account info.  Now the guest has already left.  ", 
"I would need to check with my attorney before posting his name however here is his MO.  ", 
"From this article:", "I also can't imagine a 3X increase in Views because travelers are flocking to the site to see the new Service Fee.", 
" ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", "I looked at my analytics page today, and VOILA!!  Everything is OK now!  My inquiries are back up to pre-fee levels.  No more cliff-diving for me!!", 
"It's ludicrous to think that the service fee is going to attract new business, regardless of whether HA or VRBO are offering some kind of \"extra features\" for renters. Most renters are only concerned about ONE thing: getting a good deal. Evidence of this is that they are always trying to negotiate lower prices. And, I don't blame them...I always look for the least expensive rentals that fall within my idea of \"decent\", \"clean\", and \"attractive\". Adding extra fees makes me much less likely to book. ", 
" ", " ", " ", "It is also worth mentioning that the T&C amended 2/9/15 now includes binding arbitration language to resolve all claims individually, and not through the courts, thereby preventing remedy through class, consolidated or representative action. (Italics mine.)", 
"", "Has anyone else had some success with VHR?", " ", "i predict a shrinking inventory for HA and thus a loss of their competitive advantage, ", 
" ", "I dont see any exemptions for credit card fees nor booking fees.  Maybe you can find them??? ", 
"kdhbreeze wrote:", " ", "1100 rent & cleaning fee", " ", " ", 
" ", "However, It's a courtesy to send them the link to the guarantee so that they can refer to it themselves. ", 
"When I was getting requests(pre fee) 3 out of 5 would ask for some sort of discount. Police, teachers, ect all asking for something free.", 
"The thing we have to remember is H/A or what ever they want to be called does not care one bit about our property. Their goal is to ONLY get the fee in their account. They don't care who rents your home. Meth heads, drug dealers, trash, kids wanting a place to destroy with parties,you name it. They don't care. Not their problem. Their problem is get that fee at all costs.", 
" ", "Maybe not oblivious, but they generally can use their land in a lawful way and can claim ignorance that anything they are doing is impairing enjoyment of your property until you've put them on notice otherwise.", 
"Tom, I sincerely hope you are getting OT for the weekend you spent here.", 
"YYou can add me to the list! I haven't received a single inquiry.", 
"9.  Monitor & enhance Community discussions:  We certainly don't mind being put in our place when we're out of line.  Damage control is perfectly acceptable.  Someone's got to squelch this outpouring of discontent before it spreads and gets out of hand - gotta nip it in the bud!", 
"", " ", "cavalierhome wrote:", " ", " ", "I highly recommend a program called 1Password to manage all of your online passwords.  You can setup a different password for all of your accounts and the program will generate very strong passwords that are far better than what you can generate and remember.  It synchronizes with iphone/android/tablets and other PC's.", 
" ", "", " ", "An OWNERS website is NOT third party.  Third Party would be Airbnb or BOOKING.COM; unrelated to either HA or the Owner.", 
"And I did cancel a booking, ONE, on ABB once and I got an email from them telling me that, if I did it again in the next six months, they might suspend my listing.", 
"", "I am SURE this was part of a paid strategic PR campaign funded by Airbnb and HomeAway together. To justify the fee. It's really bad business to call your customers integrity into question. immoral even. ", 
" ", " ", " ", "tom", " ", "No the FB page is not coming up.  I tried to message you and it wouldn't go through.  Send me a FB friend request. My FB page is under Tracy Brooks Saucier", 
" ", " ", "And if there is lower demand for a week, then all the other properties in my area are also likely available. Can HA deliver to all those properties?", 
"There are hundreds of properties in my area, and a few leaving (such as myself) would not, I expect, have much impact.  The real question, I believe, is whether the new system will grossly change the manner in which properties are booked.  And, I' not sure I want to wait around and find out.  ", 
"I Love Love Love BIN. I will try to explain why.", "Khosrowshahi said Marriott and Hilton have a choice to make and they will likely lose share in the Expedia marketplace if they don’t provide their best prices and availability.", 
"Or teachers, or Christian families on a budget, or retirees on a fixed income, or.....", 
"And I also agree with his point that if/when unrestricted owner-traveler communication goes away, all the forum participants will be gone (I will!), as well as many, many other independent owner-operated listings. The \"coveted unique properties\" will flee and the site will be mostly McUnits.", 
"AS I recall, from monitoring HA's quarterly annual results for the past several years, the company had an annual subscriber retention number of about 75%.", 
"Yes I have purchased my own room-nights but only to see how transactions progress so I understand what my guests are seeing.", 
"I am grateful to everyone posting here about how they handles their listings on Airbnb, and I am glad of  a possible way forward, although it comes out of difficult circumstances.", 
" ", "I have called numerous times and keep getting the run around on answers.  Do not like paying for platinum membership, if it really does not matter.  It seems VRBO/HA simply places you wherever they feel like and make you think they are doing you a favor by scrolling your property across the top periodically.", 
"Please beware!", "YOUR FULL NAME", "Good. More need to do this", 
" ", "What a surprise it was to find a $500 \"Service Fee\" attached to my last quote. ", 
"Between that, the CC fee, the cleaning fees, the HOA, etc., now this little Service Fee... my little \"business\" (that really just covers costs anyway) is getting nickel-and-dimed to death. How can a small business person grow his or her business in an environment like this? Simple economics dictate that as you grow, you in turn grow your vendors. Conversely, if your vendor actively plots against you, you both lose. VRBO is really headed toward the toilet!!", 
"So fare I had 0", " ", "And, not whining about working on a Sunday....", 
"Question; do any of you feel like you have been \"shopped\" lately?  In the last couple of weeks I have had several inquiries on dates that were coming up very quickly.  They either want a discount or they ask about the fee.  Typically I do not engage with discount seekers or working outside of the system but today I thought I would play along to see what happened.  I agreed to make a transaction outside of the system, through Paypal and waive the fee, and as soon as I made the offer they replied that they found another house.  hmmmm.", 
"Latest threatening email from VRBO. This really makes me mad because ANY lead I get from VRBO I book through VRBO. We answer inquiries within an hour, we update our calendar daily, we have maintenance blocked, we adjust our rates monthly because things are so slow, I have BIN enabled. It is a brand new listing so I have no reviews. And they have the audacity to suggest I am avoiding their fee. How about this, how about stop sending me under age renters and send me people who actually want to BIN. ", 
"Book on line Homes, now have Priority over my Listings, the Orlando listing has dropped from the Front Page to 150 on the 3rd Page, the Celebration Listing is still on the Front Page due it there only being 35 on that site.", 
" ", "Could you show me this thread by providing a link to it please?", 
"Secrets (?)", "I KNOW my views will be unpopular but there is a lot of truth in what I have written. Times change, people change, their habits change and millennials are just about to reach their prime earning years. I have thirty years of very solid (executive level, Fortune 500) marketing, advertising and PR experience under my belt. My specialty is within the travel industry and within loyalty/ retention programs for them. I know what I am talking about here.", 
" ", "I will save that. Thank You. Yea my wife and I do the wine thing. Been to Napa and going this spring again. Went to the north west, Washington to try their wine.", 
"At first I was a bit shocked by the best match placement, but after analysing the first two months of 2016 compared to the same period of 2015 I must admit that even thought enquiries are down, the actual conversion rate is higher which in a nutshell means more bookings than the last period last year.", 
"I go over and with a huge man Superintendent, a cute Construction Manager and an Assistant Mgr looking on, I opened one of the doors. Their mouths fell open. They then sheepishly laughed and said here we are in the Biz and we can't figure out how to open these Anderson french doors. ", 
"Looking up, he asks, “God, what does a million years mean to you?”", 
" ", "South Park episode titled Humancentipad", "Ok going out on a limb here- but he fee hasn't thwarted my bookings, communication or ability to complete transactions. I'm at 100% conversion for March. The only inquiry who wanted to take the booking offline to avoid the fee bailed and quite frankly was a PITA. ", 
"I've had the same experience. 2 bookings (BIN)  since fee and no mention from traveler.  My summer is now booked solid. All 3 months. And I increased my prices this year. Still not renewing. Want to see how this all plays out and what changes are to come. ", 
" ", "For weeks, maybe months now, VRO's have been coming in good faith here to the Community Forum and posting fairy tales-----compelling fables based on snippets of information gleaned from various plausible resources. The credibility of many of the authors of of these tales, predominantly successful veteran owners of vacation rentals, lends credence to these stories that, like all historical fables, feature a victim and and a villain, a situation, an outcome and a moral.", 
"This is the future of Expedia.", "One reason to separate out the cleaning fee is in the event the actual cleaning takes longer than anticipated/paid for (huge party/mess/garbage, etc.).  This makes it clear how \"excess\" cleaning charges are calculated if and when the excess cleaning charge is deducted from the security deposit.", 
"Yes, I have read about the phishing scams with the hackers diverting email inquiries and then having renters wire transfer money into accounts at Barclays Bank in London.  I believe that class-action lawsuits were filed against Barclays for not doing the appropriate verification of the account holders' identities when the accounts were set up.  I haven't read about any outcomes of these lawsuits and Barclays has said that it complied with UK banking regulations.", 
"If the initial deposit \"down payment\" was paid more than 30 days before the rental commencement, what difference does it make if the payment was made by credit card, personal check, or echeck?  Enough time would have elapsed to know whether or not the check or echeck had cleared.  I don't understand why there is any advantage to having the initial payment made with a credit card.", 
"He inquires stating he is in town from Michigan to work in Phoenix.  He creates an online profile so when you google him at first glance (and if you are busy like I am) he seems legit.  Checks out as being from Michigan.", 
"Sharples maintained they thoroughly vetted the decision to add a traveler fee. “We have done, and our suppliers who are listening should understand this too, we’ve done enough research and testing on this to know that it isn’t going to substantially change conversion rates on bookings,” said Sharples. “We have unique inventory and unique products, and when somebody goes to rent that particular house in Martha’s Vineyard with four bedrooms, they want that house. We’re going to have caps on fees. It’s not going to be some extraordinary thing that’s going to be a huge burden to travelers. We’ve really thought this thing through, and we believe it’s going to be a big success.”", 
" ", "I wonder if I downgrade, will they refund me the remainder of my money ?", 
"I actually tested this yesterday.  Yapstone DOES validate the zip-code entered against the credit card billing zip.  They must match, and it is checked during entry so I could not get past that payment screen until the zip code matched.", 
"As an owner and a traveler who uses HA / VRBO (at least I used to), I sincerely dislike the Average Nightly Rates that are posted in the search results.  I know we've discussed this before and a lot of us have concluded that the \"From - To\" (low / high) nightly rate is far more meaningful for our vacation rentals.", 
" ", " ", "For me, I'd like to let the traveler decide if they want/need extra protection. In otherwords, let the marketplace sort that out.", 
"Is this a trial to test adoption rate I wonder, or was the fee not added to UK users? ", 
"Message was edited by: Carol to updated information as of 3/1/16", 
" ", "They are not going to. They are just waiting for us to leave, or to turn over our VRS to PMs. their whole bet is on PMS. ", 
"One thing to add, there are only 40 properties in my area on VHR and I'm coming up first, this is great!!", 
"Don't fall for it!", " ", "In that case, it is HA responsible to pay tax on the fee. ", 
" ", " ", "What does a successful rental mean to me? What will define which site(s) I choose to list my home with?", 
"-   33 (3% of 1100)", "In my location it does not. I have already posted that on FB group. The ABB help suggest either a) including that into the daily rates (aha, so they could apply their service fee % to that too). OR, b) to send the traveler \"special offer\" that updates the subtotal to include tax.", 
"this is the only way I know how to reserve time for myself.... To create a reservation and mark the time \"blocked\".", 
"3.  How to explain the  difference in a booking fee for a 30 day rental as opposed to a 7 day rental? What better coverage does the potential guest of a 30 day booking get for that a rental of 7 days at $126.90 service fee? Again, the answer of protecting against double booking is unacceptable.the $499.00 servic", 
" ", "Now if we would get any requests, post fee I am sure it will get worse.", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", " ", " ", " ", "Big brother is watching... the sad part is they are not truly listening. Gotta be careful now.", 
"And here we are.", "", "[...] ", "I have felt like I've been being strangled by HomeAway for a year and a half, long before the Service Fee.  Their tricks and penalties and coercions implemented to get us onto BIN and HA Payments was the beginning.  Many of us were warning people here who were saying how much they love BIN, etc., as to what was really going on (and also always saying BIN, etc., should be OFFERED as options but not forced onto owners and certainly not gotten by trickery and using livelihoods and people's own properties as leverage against them!).", 
"due to the new service fee being a substantial change in our agreement, I wished to revert to the previous T&C", 
"I suspect that someone has hacked into Bill email's account and can see the emails he's been sending. Nothing to do with you or VRBO.", 
" ", " Should not is not the same as not allowed. Big plus, it's okay to say call to avoid the service fee. right?", 
"In as much as I have to have a State of Hawaii taxpayer identification number and pay taxes to the state of Hawaii for conducting business, I would like you to show me that you also have a taxpayer identification number and are not leaving the likelihood out there that my fellow rental owners and myself are responsible for these revenues being generated without the payment of the tax.", 
"In other words, third-party would be free-market competition, something HomeAway and AirBnb don't want.", 
"tandoori wrote:", "Look here.", "Sorry, I don't agree or they would not have said VRBO and AIRbnb, they would have said Homeaway, as that is the parent company of all the others.", 
"tom", "i understand and really do appreciate that you are making great strides to become competitive with an achieve parity with Airbnb website functionality from a traveler perspective, but what are your plans to satisfy and retain your inventory providing customers. At the end of the day, you make money when we get bookings, which by definition makes us valued customers but also business partners.", 
"A Little explaining goes a long way. And giving people the information needed to UNDERSTAND the reasoning behind the changes would have prevented the mess we are in.", 
" ", " ", "no ma'am", " ", "But it didn't matter because they refuse to acknowledge that there's a problem, even with obvious written evidence, and apparently, even if they did figure out that there's a problem, no one can fix it, per their latest email.", 
" ", " ", " ", "", "I have been getting asked for discounts by police. I did help a couple of them. One I gave a $160.00 discount on a three night stay. You think I got a thank you? You would think I got a Thank You. I should have got a Thank You. Well I didn't. What I got was \"OH. I guess every LITTLE bit helps\". WTH!!", 
"HA doesnt comprehend the obvious fact that travelers will leave as inventory leaves.", 
"In other words, for the past few years, approximately 25% of HA-VRBO\"s listing subscribers chose not to renew their listings. This revenue reduction was offset by new listing subscribers as well as HA acquiring other websites (and inheriting those site's listings).", 
" ", " ", "Send me an email if any interest: vrrentcamera@gmail.com", 
" ", " ", "BILLING ADDRESS ", "This is why Herb Kelleher, former CEO of Southwest Airlines refused to put SWA on the OTA sites from day one. Smart man.", 
"This means that some travelers will the label \"service fee\" on the booking checkout, and some travelers will see the label \"vrbo service fee\" or \"homeaway service fee\".", 
" ", "When subterfuge became a tool in VRBO/HA's so-called arsenal.", 
"How long have you been on the site?", " ", "kdhbreeze wrote:", 
"Some of it might be HA/VRBO recon.  Some is also undoubtedly renters nothing the bad press and owner complaints and smelling blood in the water.", 
" ", " ", " De-select your payment methods:  ", "Sure - Suggested a News Tip to Local Media about new Fees - Got a Response", 
"How are we suppose to know who your comments are directed to??  How are we suppose to know that?? ", 
" ", "Anyone who wants to make a few billion dollars in the vacation rental business and has or can get the needed financing has only to open a site as VRBO used to be and most of the HA owners will jump ship.", 
"Italy a couple of years ago for a couple of weeks. Lots of wine and great food.", 
" ", " ", "God replies, “A minute.”", "Also check out the warnings about booking.com by searching here.", 
"HumancentiPad - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia", " ", "I don't doubt that people are willing to pay the fee, but in most cases they received NOTHING in return.", 
"Any fee is bad for a subscription plan.  And Best Match is all about volume for homeaway.  Its bad for owners plain and simple.", 
" ", "I can confirm everything that smoky1 is saying as we are in the same market. Filth, \"repairs\" done with tin foil and duct tape (yes , one of my contractors told me about PM company  having their handyman put tin foil under the roof to channel the roof leak into the wall so it is not visible to the renter, so they can book it to the next traveler and not take downtime for proper repair), just book book book. They don't care if it is a frat party - because the frat party would destroy YOUR property not PMs. So what if it is destroyed and it takes you month and thousands to fix? PM has 200 other properties they can rent out and make money out of thin air.  Filth is the least of the problems in PM managed properties.", 
"I can see that. . . . but  then I don't think it's necessary to charge separate fee to deduct from security deposit.  I think a better approach would be to simply put an \"excessive cleaning penalty\" in the rental agreement. ", 
" ", "Because the iniital deposit is not always made more than 30 days in advance.  As many have said they do a lot of last minute (or less than 30 day advance) reservations.  If a credit card is used up front the payment is immediate, guaranteed and takes no time to \"clear\" the bank.", 
"I asked for a cc of his current drivers license.  he emails it.  I see it is expired.  I ask him about that and he says the extention for a Michigan drivers license is on the back and he will show it to my property manager when he checks in.", 
"As I mentioned when the fee was first introduced, I agree. The fee is not likely to substantially change conversion rates on bookings. What it is affecting is inquiries. No inquiries-no  conversions. 10 inquiries prior to the fee that 5 booked-50% conversion. 4 inquiries since the fee and 2 booked-50% conversion. ", 
" ", "Nope, you can hide your listing but I don't believe that HA will give you any kind of refund.", 
" ", " ", "My inquiries are now RISING, instead of crashing to the bedrock.  What a difference a day makes!!!", 
"When I first saw the notice about service fees, I was disheartened, because ANY extra fees make it less likely that I'll get a booking. But, I figured if the fees weren't significant, maybe renters would overlook them and still book. ", 
" ", "I do not believe UK has been implemented yet as per earlier conversation of the US being first.", 
"An almost 10% fee on the people who can afford it the least is really outrageous and more than disappointing. Time will tell if this is a slow death for my VR on the HA sites.", 
" ", "turn over our VRS to PMs. their whole bet is on PMS. ", 
"Remember that for the past 15 years VRBO has a been a very satisfactory listing site for both travelers and property owners. Consequently, competing sites have never been especially significant. In other words, neither travelers or property owners felt the need to use other sites.", 
"Yes, I got that too.  I knew it sounded \"phishy\" so I went to my account online and everything was just fine.  I try to never click on links in text or emails where I have no idea why it is being sent to me.  Hope no one else opens it either!", 
"i will never, ever, ever offer my home at a market driven rate and it will never, ever, ever be instantly bookable without me vetting who will be staying in my home, ", 
" ", "I am thinking that the word \"entire amount\" makes it pretty clear.", 
"Many (probably most) people operating a VR or a rental and showing rental income file their business taxes with their personal income tax under a 1040 Sched. E for supplemental Income/Loss, wherein the general term revenue is supplanted by the term income.  I also used the term because you, like many people, used that term.", 
" ", "1067=owner gets", " ", " ", "Hi Cheri:", "regards,", 
"Between best match and the fee we are going to see this quite a bit. ", 
"I've had two cancelations in the last 2 days (different properties).   Both cancelations are beyond refund, so they want me to try to rerent to get their money back.", 
" ", "Especially if the instigator is gone, those in power now might be more amenable to change, and it will usually at least trigger their governing body to look into what continuing to infringe might cost them in the long run.  Less offensive lighting is cheaper than paying attorneys to defend you in your pursuit of being a bad neighbor and a ****.", 
"This is not a question, so please do not change it to one and then select a correct answer. Additionally, if I do ask a question, I would appreciate the opportunity to select the correct answer myself.", 
"lowering my rate to factor in the service fee will have the same impact on a customer. ", 
" ", "", "tandoori I feel your pain. I did not get any Spring Break bookings and I lowered my price to 66% of last years price. Luckily I picked up a $5K booking starting the end of the month from an international corporate traveler. The home's overhead is almost $1K per month and it has sat empty for four months. I did four times better last year at this point as a newbie. We have a surplus from last year and we have a couple summer bookings so we are safe for the rest of the year. Renting long term is looking like the way to go; the overhead would be one third and the profits would be double plus with less work.  ", 
"The question? If I was homeaway and I embarked on such a strategy, would I fool you?", 
" ", " ", "You need to call or e-mail H/A ASAP. With all this money they are getting they should be able to do something about this. All this protection they are claiming.", 
" ", "\"Property listings should not direct travelers to third-party websites.\"", 
" ", "While agree that third party might mean a competitor's website, a VR owner's website can have links that direct someone to a competitors website.  AirBnB does not allow links to any websites.  They don't want someone leaving the AirBnB site to go to another site that could have valuable info, not only the homeowner's telephone number but an email address. A VR website could also direct someone to VRBO.  My website has a link to my VRBO listing, but it could very well have a link to my AirBnB listing if I wanted to that.  My FB listing could also direct someone to whatever site I want, such as a destination-type website that has a booking engine.  My own website could also have a booking engine.  So I ask, how long will they continue to allow \"link\", any links? ", 
"You have it backward, Ott-Toy-Boy.  Of course ABB hasn't extorted and manipulated and deceived you into that business model!  It started OUT that way!  ", 
"In Feb sometime I posted - there were 178 or so in G-burg. There were 209 or so in Sevierville, and just over 200 in P.F. Look at it now. ", 
"If a PPB listing is free,aren't those more vulnerable to being fake? Do they get paid after guest arrives?", 
" ", " ", " ", "Here's the naked link:", " ", "Waiting on the sidelines   ", 
"It appears that you guys need to accept my friend request, which seems weird since I thought you all had friend requested me, first.   (who knows!)", 
"If I were in your shoes I would continue to email and call until your dilemma was resolved to your satisfaction. I would bug the $%#^# out of them! ", 
"I realize that many owners have more weeks to offer and I hope HA can deliver what it is promising to you.", 
"I'd just as soon make plans which do not rely on Homeaway.  I don't think anyone can rely on Homeaway.  If owners have a \"cushion\" they could wait and see how it works.  But, if you need to rent your home, is it advisable to wait and see?", 
"When I receive an inquiry, it begins a dialog with a potential guest and most likely they are having a similar dialog with many other properties, perhaps in my neighborhood, or perhaps even in a completely different climate or part of the world or whatever. So I have a set of competition and based upon whatever factors come into play, they will select (hopefully) my property to rent. And likely there will be some negotiations that go on and likely I will be asked for a discount. A good metaphor is that it's like being asked out on a date by somebody.", 
"Seems to me Marriott and Hilton made their choice!", "There are many non-profits out there that make a lot of money and it is used on administration pay, high overhead, etc. And now the media is holding them accountable and now the Feds are starting to hold them accountable.", 
"You are right. Over half my income comes from repeat guests. When I leave my guests will follow me.", 
"Guess that is why there has been such a big push to sign up Property Managers by HA, one sign up brings many subscribers, very low maintenance.", 
"No I have not done this specifically to remove a condescending message from HA.  However it should certainly do the trick.  Is there any reason you can think of that it would not work?", 
"It's this type of exchange which can lead us to discover solutions (or work arounds) to challenges.", 
" ", "If you can give me some advice on what I should do, please help me.  I am completely frustrated with this company.  I realize it is not the agents fault, as they are just doing their job.  Have any of you faced this situation with the placement of your rental on their site?  What can we do?", 
"Andrea Trautwein", "CITY ", "I loved Herb!", " ", "VRBO, this is a new low. No warning, no heads-up, no polite \"we are changing our business model\" note. Just SQUEEZE and hope the business owners don't notice. ", 
"It's been going on since before HA began its march to its huge property grab.", 
" ", ". . . . ", " ", "Some factors at play besides assuming HA is trolling. I've been somewhat suspicious also, however my recent inquiries weren't dead ends. :", 
"Here are five ways to turn those property views into booking income:", 
"BIN will not work for me, I have Huge Mortgage and Utility Bill Payments to Find each Month, I need the Cash Flow, I also have International Renters that Pay me in Different Currency, that your system doesn't recognise, I already have my own Bookings On-line, I do it all my self, send out the Forms, and take the Payments and have been for the last 13 Years.", 
"   *Any methods de-selected will not be saved until you click Submit.", 
" ", "It's at the top of every post", "I understand HA's need to change, their need to stay relevant and their need to compete with competition that is nipping at their heels. I just wish they had thought a little more about their implementation strategy and that they had taken the time to do it properly. Which would have meant clearly communicating their plan to us, the suppliers of their inventory as they see us, but really we are very important customers, which is something I think they have failed to recognize. And as a result, they haven't treated us with respect. It is very clear to me that what was planned for a Q3 2016 implementation was shoehorned into a February 18th launch. And they weren't ready and they did it very poorly. Communication is key..... In all relationships, both busines and personal. And some business relationships ARE personal, like renting out your vacation home.", 
" ", "Just have an appreciation for wine, not a collector.  Do stop in at vineyards when on my travels - domestic and international - but do not travel specifically for wine . . . ", 
"I think that one of the mistakes that we all make as owners, is to base our success on the number of enquiries that we receive. I used to get great pleasure in receiving multiple enquiries, and used to get a nice warm feeling that lots of potential guests were looking at my advertisement and they were showing an interest in my property (feeling loved....). Based on that I totally agree that there are less enquiries, but the actual bookings are up, which to me seems to indicate that something is working!", 
"Amazingly later that week they couldn't figure out how to lock that same door, so they had it tied shut with rope. Silly boys....", 
"Smith asks, “And what does a million dollars mean to you?”", 
"I am afraid that once some unscrupulous freebie seeking guests get a wind of this, there will be chargebacks up the wazoo by people just trying to get a  free stay.", 
"Watch South Park Online - HumancentiPad | Hulu", "There is no adequate \"yard stick for measure \" as mentioned by gymbeau  let's not throw the baby out with the bath water. Stay alert and have a plan to adapt and overcome. Be proactive it's the best defense in an ever changing environment. ", 
"How will that make you feel when you are the traveler and are charged the fee?", 
" ", "The authors sometimes relied on fuzzy data or injected personal emotions into the unfolding stories.  Like so many people who are in a state of tension, they felt they must tell and retell their fairy tale, hoping to make it more accepted...and more real with each recitation.     This is Fable One.", 
"I would start emailing and calling CS to report/complain about PM's doing this.  It creates an unfair advantage for the PM's and ensure that you will not get any bookings.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "Instead of asking for wire transfers, the hackers could have had checks mailed to them and deposited these checks into the Barclays accounts.  Obviously, wire transfers are much faster.  The hackers can obtain monies and then close the accounts quickly and move on.  As long as a traveler has verified that he is dealing with the actual owner, there is nothing intrinsically bad about wire-transferring funds to an owner's personal bank account. The VRBO website contains the following admonition to travelers:  \"Always make sure to call the number on the listing to confirm payment details. Only pay using credit card, PayPal, check, or direct bank transfer.\"   They do tell travelers to \"NEVER pay by cash or wire money to instant money transfer services such as Western Union or Moneygram.\"", 
" ", "Unbeknown to me when he checks in he gives the property manager an Arizona drivers license that is current.", 
" ", "Actually, HA MAY have created more traffic to the site via all these supposed advertising and ad words. So more travelers may be coming to the site.. and leaving as fast when they price the bookings and see fee added on. ", 
"I have noticed quite a drop on all my sites. I don't use HA/VRBO alone, but other marketing sites as well. I believe that a great deal of this is due to the drop in oil prices. In particular I am seeing my large Canadian customer base asking for discounts.", 
"However that is not a very complete authentication of course.", 
"In a search with no dates selected, and no other filters in place - here's what I noticed a few days ago.  My 2 nearly identical properties (condos in the same resort with matching rate tables) have drastically different avg/night rates posted.  My calendars are almost mirror images as well, with a few differences in Sep/Oct bookings, but that's it.  WHY would there be such a vast disparity in these rates?", 
" ", " ", "HA believes the market for the fee is there because ABB has a traveler fee.", 
"I've heard only US and Caribbean places have the fee.  Not sure about Central America.", 
"Thank you for putting this up. It does answer some questions. I would love to see some numbers on what percentage of renewals coming due are renewing, dropping to a lower tier or dropping their subscription altogether. I do know some of the other listing sites numbers are growing fast.", 
" ", " ", "However, if VRBO's policy changes make the site less desirable (for both travelers and owners) then I expect other sites will, for the first time ever, have the opportunity to become meaningful, relevant.", 
"Several other owners are reporting this on FB and other boards.", 
" ", "IMO  again incorrect.  Can you provide ANY tax law or state law which excludes a mandatory fee to rent? ", 
" ", " ", "- One where I can easily facilitate the rental administration and payment processing for a reasonable fee", 
" ", "a) So suppose my tax was 10%, and my normal nightly rate is $200. I have to enter my nightly rate as $220. So now ABB will apply their commission to $220, not to $200. No wonder I get 1-2 bookings a year.", 
"am I doing something wrong?", " ", " ", "Yep, the inquiries are high quality now!  My ocean front condo is a 2 week minimum rental (HOA rules and plainly stated on my listing) and the last 3 inquires were for 2 days, 4 days, and 1 week.  The maximum capacity is 6 and all of the last 3 inquires were over capacity.  Couldn't convert any of them, so I guess Expedia will take a pretty dim view of that.  The last 2 inquires for the mountain cabin were also over capacity! ", 
" ", "CBR has 91 VRBO rentals in the NC coastal area; what kind of owner owns almost 100 million dollar homes on the oceanfront?", 
"No sure about the consideration, but it is frustrating Im sure.", 
" ", " ", "I think that their next step is to block phone numbers and email addresses.", 
"Now we are seeing a lot of (very sad) comments from some owners saying they have to sell their VRs because of this complete and successful and massive properties grab by these two companies.   ", 
"Well, hey, this is what HA bringing us more bookings actually looks like!", 
" ", "It's been a drip, drip, drip, step-by-step taking control of our businesses.  Do you feel like the owner of your own property and business now?  Or do you feel like you work for HomeAway and must do what HomeAway says regarding YOUR businesses and private property or else you will have your listing buried or even deactivated?  I feel like the latter, but I have for a year and a half.", 
"Substantial??  Nah.", "As others have noted, it is likely Bill's email has been compromised.  If you change all of your pertinent passwords, you will be assured your listing and email are protected.  I would not contact customer support as it is likely your listing and your guests will be (a) suspended (listing) and (b) alarmed without reason (guests).", 
"VRBO account check:", "", "some other thoughts...", "Does anyone know if you can have a link to your own website if you are a new lister?  ", 
"I didn't have it backwards.  That's what I said.", "So the increase here is much more that drop that you are showing. Which means most people still have listings on VRBO but starting listings on competitor side at very fast pace. ", 
" ", "Here's the naked link:", "Charging high subscription fees entitles vacation home property listers to receive some benefits in return, that extend beyond generating bookings. Maintaining control of who rents our homes will ALWAYS be something that both you and your competitor Airbnb will have to allow. Communication between the bookers and the owners is also something that will always have to be allowed, otherwise not many people will consent to letting you be involved in the rental of their homes. Airbnb has chosen to limit the communication that can occur between the owner and the guest, and that's a trade off many owners have made in lieu of paying a subscription fee. Setting our own rates is also something we will demand. Airbnb provides an optional (and smart) revenue management tool where they suggest rates that would rent your property pretty much immediately. It's derived, as you know, from taking the temperature in the individual markets and factoring in supply and demand. Lots of people on here would LOVE that functionality.... But you haven't provided it or explained it to them. Communication is key. Change is hard. These are facts of life. ", 
"The truth of the matter is that the playing field DID change and Airbnb started to go after the VRBO market. It's a HUGE and most importantly NEW segment of the travel market and of course big business is going to see that opportunity and want a piece of the action. What they failed to consider in this case is that the subscriber base is filled with smart and successful people who have an entrepreneurial spirit and a vested interest in how their vacation homes will be rented. They will demand transparency and to be treated with respect, as they are due. They also want, were promised, and have paid for, and therefore deserve autonomy.", 
"http://blog.evolvevacationrental.com/have-vacation-rental-listing-sites-changed-for-good/", 
" ", "Nope, it says temporarily unavailable.  But I'm definitely game to join!", 
"Count me in too. But how will you be able to reach us? I thought the private messaging has been disabled in this community…?", 
" ", "We had too many bookings last year and actually raised our rates to slow things down.  This year is a completely 180 with only one summer week and Christmas booked so far.", 
" ", " ", "TThey don't NEED them. They can beat them in price AND retain them thru their very excellent loyalty programs, which are designed to do just that. When you book Expedia, even if you are the highest tier of loyalty program, the hotel won't reward points to you or in some cases provide you with the benefit tier you belong to. Airlines fought this battle a few years ago, now there is Kayak which skirts the OTA and amalgamates all rates and shows you what is what. Several years ago airlines began communicating to the consumer to BOOK DIRECT. And it worked.", 
" ", "I'm also curious about the dollar amount HA will be foregoing as more and more owners drop their pricey Platinum subscriptions in lieu of lower (specifically Classic) tiers.  I put an extra $1800 in my pocket this year.  That will go a long way toward creating my own website and diversifying my advertising.  ", 
"Retrieving data ...", "Yes...I know how I can \"test\" the system with bookings by owner.  I have done that before.  However, I do think HA is looking for reasons to remove listings that are not profitable for them.  For now, I am comfortable with the alert.  I may change my mind and resort to more \"tests\" of the system.", 
"Airbnb caters to a different crowd than HA, which is why I chose HA.  People coming to HA/VRBO are looking for whole house/apartment.  Airbnb offers all types of options, which is instrumental in their success. ", 
" ", "Have you checked your Listing Quality Score?  Below is a statement from the Listing Quality page from Dashboard:", 
"VRBO #445788", "STATE ", "He's an amazing man. I was lucky to have worked with him for many years … he taught me a lot. Never, ever forgets a name.", 
"We're monitoring the impact of the label on the conversion in the checkout. As I've noted here before, we're continuing to see very healthy bookings on our site after the launch of service fee - regardless of the label - and we will make a choice on what the label should be based on a number of factors, primarily the effectiveness of the booking checkout in producing bookings.", 
" ", "Btw, HA calls those things \"levers\". Nice, friendly language used to not have to say, \"coercions\" or \"force\".", 
"I've only gotten one inquiry so far, but that's only one less than I've had from VRBO in 7 weeks.", 
"Both sites have value, at least the other site has privacy from HA when we need it.", 
"At least he's not locking discussions and causing missed answers and duplicate posts anymore.", 
" ", "Follow the 24-hour rule! Travelers who receive a response within 24 hours are more than twice as likely to book.* Sign up for SMS text alerts to be notified immediately when you get an inquiry or booking request.", 
" ", " ", "Thoughts? ", " ", " ", "It's only a matter of time.", 
" ", " ", "Unbelievable!  Another example of \"management\" not understanding their core business.", 
"God replies, “A penny.”", "That is exactly what I said and you and I know it is going to happen more that we can handle.  It's going to happen!", 
"Kyle is kidnapped after agreeing to an iTunes user agreement, and forced to become part of a \"revolutionary new product\" that is about to be launched by Apple.", 
" ", "How will you feel after the secobd, third, fourth time you pay the fee and know you received nothing for your $$$.?", 
"Its about conversion rate.  Not about you getting booked.  Its about maximizing homeaway revenue, not your revenue.", 
" ", "Well that's Expedia's goal. Eliminate pesky individual owners by 1) creating such disadvantaged situation for them so that they leave or b) if they do not leave but rather they turn their properties over to PM and PMs can be made to run bookings like a hotel (think Expedia), all that instant book, click click click.  ", 
"I want to make sure other owners know about this and can be prepared in case it happens to them.", 
" ", "Also, I won't block off dates or turn down other renters just because someone says they \"want the dates\" without payment or says they \"will mail a check\".  No way.  I would have lost a lot of business if I operated like that.  Nothing is reserved or blocked off until the first payment is received, and that means they must use a credit card for the first payment.  Many people seemed like sure bets then ended up changing plans, dates or renting elsewhere.", 
"So this guy is floating around Phoenix somewhere.", "Trickle down economics. If the fee puts the rental a traveler wants for a week stay over their budget, there are several ways to make it work. Rent for 6 days, rent a less expensive place for a week for rent directly or through a site without a fee. This shouldn't be a problem for owners because there will be travelers that wanted a VR that cost more than yours that can't afford it with the fee so they will rent your VR. That's almost a quote from Thale.", 
"I'm watching my page views.  So far (30% into Mar), I'm 30% of the page views of last year. So, no difference so far.  . ", 
"The Canadian dollar has gotten hammered and dropped significantly,  so if you charge US dollars, you've gotten really expensive.  It might be partially caused by oil prices.  But I think the stock market volatility doesn't help, either.  Maybe not a true financial issue, but emotional.  When the market rides high, people feel better off, and spend more money.", 
"Right, card number and zip only", " ", "Oh-oh, but my inbox doesnt have any new inquiries recently.  Could my VRBO account be hacked??", 
"Fast forward to today, when I decided to look into what it would cost me to rent a place on VRBO for an upcoming trip to San Antonio, TX. I wasn't sure if it would be just me staying at the place, or if my siblings would be able to join me for a little \"family reunion\". (There are 4 of us, ranging in age from 48-60, so there won't be any crazy partying going on...it's about all we can do to get out of bed in the mornings, and we're usually back in bed around 9pm.) Anyway, I did a search on VRBO, zoning in on a place that looks comfortable and would fit the bill price-wise. Because I'm unsure yet if my siblings will care to join me, I decided to check the rates for both 1 person and 4 persons at the same VR. I was disappointed to see that this particular VR has a surcharge for more than 1 person (not sure of the reasoning there, since 4 people is still nowhere near a \"crowd\"). But, the real shocker was the service fees from VRBO! WTH? Seriously, I had never dreamed that they would try to charge so much as a \"service\" fee, for pretty much NOTHING special on their part, since they were already providing the same \"service\" they are now. ", 
" ", "My property is in the US and I just got an inquiry from the UK and the fee was not applied. I thought it was for properties in the UK that the fee wasn't applied.", 
"Thank you Carol, this is interesting.", "Any and all Claims will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except you may assert Claims on an individual basis in small claims court if they qualify. This includes any Claims you assert against us, our subsidiaries, users or any companies offering products or services through us (which are beneficiaries of this arbitration agreement). This also includes any Claims that arose before you accepted these Terms, regardless of whether prior versions of the Terms required arbitration.", 
"Not sure I follow that logic.  PMs give very little to HA.  PMs use HA websites as a lure to get shoppers to their own PM booking website.", 
"I started the free trial last week. It took less than a week to be approved. I have received 2 inquiries but could accommodate neither because the dates weren't available. If you use the free 60 day trial, you don't get the benefit of the calendar.", 
"Thanks for the info.  This has happened with H/A to. I get a text about once every couple of months. ", 
"They cannot have their cake and eat it too!", " ", "It is clear, you're right about that. Sales tax must be paid on the entire amount. Where you're mistake lies, in my opinion, is in who is responsible to pay them. Remember, owners are not charging the guests to use the site; HomeAway is doing that. Last time, unless you post some examples as I've requested -", 
"I confess, I'm somewhat out of my depth with this group.  I'm used to business people focused on growing their business and constantly adjusting their business processes and their marketing and promotion to stay independent and competitive to grow their businesses because if they don't do that, they don't have much business or for very long.  While real estate based businesses are generally less susceptible to swift market changes and are attractive to many for that reason, it never occurred to me that VR owners wouldn't all be pursuing those things, nor that some of the very good information offered (by Carol, and vrrentcamera and others) would not just be ignored (which is fine), but met with such hostility, let alone in the wake of people having so misjudged the business operations of HA/VRBO to have gotten both their daily business operations and their marketing of their business so enmeshed with HA/VRBO that the service fee was a significant blow to their filling their rental calendars.  The people who didn't do that and/or saw the writing on the wall have been posting here over the last 2-3 years and giving valuable guidance that could have made this whole service fee fiasco less significant for you as well, but it seems that wasn't a topic of interest.", 
"- One that provides me with reasonable protection for securing quality rentals and provides me with easy to administrate damage protection (I don't want to collect, hold and refund security deposits... I like the $79 option with HAXpedia and the $1M Airbnb has, investigating others presently ", 
"But under super strict,", " ", "I have a solution for you.  ", 
"I've had a few of these conversation myself, and here's my answers below, but I welcome other folks to weigh in on what has worked for them. ", 
"tom", " ", "On one, I was able to change \"Reserved\" to Tentative to open the dates.   On the other property, I can't change the Reserved.   Why is this?  ", 
" ", " ", "Please stop closing so many threads. There are often follow up questions that are pertinent and may not show up for awhile. It would be nice, since they're related, if they would be in the same thread.", 
"COmsumer behavior is is such that:", "I have not seen this asked, but perhaps I missed it somewhere so I apologize first.", 
"It has been stunning to see how so many owners have actually assisted it.", 
"Imagine if, say, Macy's had a policy that customers cannot, while inside Macy's, suggest to others that they try Nordstrom! ", 
"No.", " ", " ", " ", " ", "But it is okay for HomeAway to direct travelers away from homes w/o BIN to homes with the BIN icon....even though BIN is an \"option\"!  ", 
"Best Match does not work out well for your longest subscription customers, it sucks. There is not one single positive community forum comment about Best Match and it's consequences. HA Management has thrown it's customers under a bus.", 
" ", "tandoori wrote:", "Some people also adjust their market visibility to accommodate market trends and drive certain business to certain sites.  They just hide and unhide different listings.", 
"I absolutely see the value in purchasing protection in some cases. If I was headed to Bali, I might be a bit nervous about the transaction, so protection might be wise.", 
"http://blog.evolvevacationrental.com/have-vacation-rental-listing-sites-changed-for-good/", 
" ", " ", "dead link....", "Old Post", "I accidentally dismissed someone's request, so please request again.", 
"maybe an additional FaceBook page of \"friends\" (fellow owners with common interest to be more exact)", 
"HA's 'non-response' to this is outrageous...and wrong! You are their valued, paying customer and they need to treat you as such.", 
"Ouch. I did the same thing and one of the problems is that you lose a lot of your repeat guests. My advice is to let previous guests know that they can book at last year's price.", 
"Will Summer season 2017 book as Summer season 2016 booked?  Will there be many open weeks?  Stay tuned . . . .", 
"when I receive a BIN, I am elated! It's like being proposed to rather than just going out on a date. It means somebody has committed to renting my property at my full rate, without negotiations. They have locked in, for a period of 24 hours, to rent my property and I have 24 hours to decide whether let them to book (at my FULL rate, no negotiations) my property. I can still have dialog with these people without accepting or denying the BIN request. When they send in the BIN, they have to guarantee payment by credit card or echeck, which also means I won't be waiting for somebody to hopefully send me a check that may or may not bounce. So there isn't a chance for there to be a breakdown in the booking process if I say yes. BINs never bounce and they never get lost in the mail!", 
"Yep I use Southwest and I just go to their site and book. ", 
"You can go on line and check out these \"non-profit\" organizations before you donate.  I donated my rental condo to my church for a raffle.  The IRS would not let me take that off as a tax deduction.", 
"Yes good point.  I save $1000 or so this time by going to classic, and will invest that in my own website creation.  Same as you and many others.", 
"Guess what just appeared on my listing…", " ", "That is just as bad, IMO.  It's manipulative and puts pressure on the traveler.  These companies have absolutely NO business making these kinds of \"editorial\" comments at all.  None.", 
" ", " ", " ", "ZIP CODE", " ", "Regards,", "Well, I noticed. And so did my potential guest. And it ****** us both off. ", 
"(Was this 'march' before -- or after -- HA's recent 'limp' to Austin's City Hall, in equally lame/well after the fact -- 'protest' of that city's pending measures against STR?  Where (recall?) their own home-base [seems to have] dismissed VRBO/HA's corporate presence?  And, more importantly > VRBO/HA's 'value' as a Corporate Citizen?)", 
"Since all this fiasco started. February? ", "No quarrel here.  I just expressed my opinion, an opinion of one . . . . ", 
" ", "1) not all guests want to go through Paypal. I've had guests (before Feb.) prefer transacting with checks (which I only did with exception) because I was busy enough I'd rather have Yapstone manage billing for me.  ", 
"Use HomeAway Payments to process bookings. Get paid quickly and securely, and get more bookings since guests prefer knowing that their payment is safe.", 
"I Pay $2600 per year for your services, (Nearly $30000 over the Term) threatening to walk away will not worry your Company, as you have already stated you want everyone in Bookings on line by the end of the Year, my Home is down by 50% on Bookings from the Previous Year, (95% of my Bookings are from VRBO).", 
" Most common alternative payment methods:  ", "iI've got lots of thoughts on this:", 
"eg", "Hopefully the April communications will address the issues we have all raised and the adjustments they will make to offset or reduce our subscription prices will be clearly communicated so that we can move forward, as partners, with a high level of confidence and trust. The ball is in their court.", 
"I think actions by Home Away/VRBO is already causing individual owners to jump ship with their listings being replaced by property managers. HA is moving rapidly toward the day when the individual VR owners are no longer welcome and the deck will be more and more stacked against them. ", 
"Will happily sample/drink wine encountered along my travels (that probably didn't need to be said . . . ).", 
"I feel that Best Match is a work of art in progress, and will hopefully develop well over the next few months to give a more positive experience to some of the disenchanted owners. Personally I feel that there ought to be some weighting given to the tenure and positive reviews that we have all worked so hard to achieve. So in summary for Best Match, keep up the good work and hopefully all the crease will be ironed out soon.", 
"Three doctors are discussing which types of patients they prefer. ", 
"Smith asks, “Can I have a penny?”", "I have yet to lose a chargeback case from a guest and several have tried for several different reasons. If you put together a solid defence the chargeback should rule in your favor. ", 
"It is very difficult to make an informed decision regarding a full year renewal when \"coming attractions\" are unknown.", 
"I can add all of my recent bookings have been encouraged to follow us on \"social media\" I'm sharing our \"insider\" tips and it's a great avenue - our last 5 bookings have accepted the challenge - note to self I should have been asking SOONER and LOUDER in a non pushy way ", 
" ", " ", "As we read the accounts and essays composing Fable One, our own experiences, our calendars, our bank accounts and intuition caused many of us to embrace this Fable One as a true depictions of current circumstances.", 
"PM are allowed to have their posting anyway they can.  Why, because they can.", 
" ", "Edited by mlbmaine:  What bothers me is that HomeAway/VRBO does not explain to the traveler the reason why the traveler should telephone the number on the listing before sending payment.  I almost never have guests call me to verify that I am the real owner.  When I receive a valid email inquiry from a traveler, I respond to the inquiry by telephone.  Perhaps they check my phone number against the number in my listing using their caller ID, but I doubt it.", 
"I agree that the only problem I have weith e-checks (for the subsequent payments only) is that there should be a way to immediately tell if someone does not enter correct info.  I mean, with credit cards they can tell you immediately if some of the information is not consistent or does not match and reject the submission, so why not with bank account info?", 
"Again, the eCheck system is a perfect vehicle for FRAUD.  Homeaway needs to correct this huge flaw or do away with the system.  ", 
" ", "Hi there", "We've went from 35 inquiries for Jan/Feb to 1 in March.  That also happened to be when Best Match pushed us way down the list even though we are platinum.  I'm sure the service fees are a big part of the drop off as well.    We also have an over 25% inquiry to book ratio to give an idea how well our rental does(or did before all this nonsense).", 
"Since many (if not most) VR owners are remote and do not check their guests in personally we need better protection against chargebacks.  Hotels require a credit card and driver's license when the guest checks in and has the opportunity to screen for and stop fraud at the front desk.  Credit card fraud and chargebacks will increase, especially with all of the recent data breaches (Hilton was compromised a about a month ago).  HA really needs to have people upload an image of their driver's license and be verified before they can book.", 
"With inquiries and bookings drying up, I'm scrutinizing everything...   ", 
" ", " ", "For me at this point, I really think HA has crossed a boundary into deceit and coercion. ", 
"Maybe it is for renters who are in the UK", " ", " ", " ", 
"And, Homeaway and Vrbo owners are looking to \"walk\" . . . . whoever steps up with a flexible platform, suited to the variations in business practice which we know make up our owner community, will certainly have an opportunity to flourish.  ", 
"There are so many types of phishing texts as to make me avoid texts from ALL commercial interests.  ", 
"I believe that if we all loose, HA/VRBO will also loose.  They do count on us to pay them and I have been paying for five years.  The problem is that when ownership and/or management changes, we sometimes all loose and that is my concern.", 
"I have only seen that addressed in NC law.  Every other state seems to base the lodging tax on the entire mandatory amount paid by the traveler for the right to use the lodging.", 
" ", " ", "- One that allows me to control the rental rates for my homeowner", 
"Owner gets", "b) The other way (just had inquiry yesterday). A guy inquired, my rate was $250/night for 5 nights  which was $1250 (plus whatever ABB adds on). After he inquired, I had to send \"special offer\" to indicate that my rate is really $1375 (to include tax). Again, ABB will probably up their commission because amount got updated.", 
"What's next do we have to call CS and ask for permission to stay in our VR's?  Jeez!", 
" ", "Notice toward the bottom where it lists cost:  ", "On a lighter note, just made a hotel reservation and DID NOT USE Expedia!  Really felt good!", 
" ", " ", "However I dont really understand the refund.", " ", 
" ", " ", "Sure, Some will accept the fee because as Brian and Tom have said \" why should owners care because the traveler pays it?\"", 
"I think that would last all of a nanosecond...and not hold up in court at all.", 
"You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time. ", 
"The service fee is simply the latest part of that takeover and it will not be the last. (I could not believe it when I read Tom Hale's comment that travelers can just look for a lower-priced property! Good grief).   Next up is \"no-communication\".  ", 
"If your avg weekly rental was $3000/wk x 30 weeks, HA received $1300 annually pre-fee.", 
"My experience contacting customer service regarding these types of breaches is that they over react and your listing and guests will be subject to unnecessary processes to assure \"safety\".  My email was compromised 3 or 4 years ago, and my listing was suspended for several days.  I declined having a warning sent to my guests.   I sent a personal note advising my guests of the attempt to \"break into\" my listing and asked them to report any unusual emails to me directly.   ", 
"Sign into your VRBO owner acct, click on \"Account settings\" then click on the tab \"two-factor authentication\"", 
"", " ", "I assume that you cannot add a link if you have a non-subscription based listing - correct?", 
"So 10% of a $50/night room in someone's house is not a big deal as a traveler fee. ", 
"Doubt that is the case in our market. ABB is a small player, and until now. HA/VRBO was the only large player. Followed by FK. But since I can see how flipkey commission is NOT producing for me, I can think that FK commission is not producing for others in my market. So I doubt that people would hide their HA/VRBO listing to drive traffic to FK.", 
" ", "dead link....", "I Understand your viewpoint that all listings must be online bookable by the end of the year and that owners who are less than responsive will be pushed to the bottom of sort. And for the record, I think that's fair. My analogy is that of the highway.... Do you like it when somebody is driving 40 mph in the fast lane? Of course not. I get that you are trying to push them into other slowe lanes by putting them last in sort. Isn't there a way to please everybody, though? Would it kill you to segment your interface into two parts, one that shows listings that are online payable, BIN answer pprovided within 24 hours and calendar up to date (Fast lane) ... The other section has properties that don't want to conform to those tools (slow lane). I think over time, the people in the \"slow lane\" section would realize that they are missing out and would make great strides to adapt to the changes that would put them in the fast lane, which will ultimately provide the most success for the homeowner.", 
"Prior to reading headlines that Beyonce booked her Super Bowl accommodations via Airbnb I had no inkling that they were a source for listing or booking a high end property. I'm GenX and had a preconceived notion that Airbnb was some sort of flaky couch-surfing site. It was pure PR genius that this was arranged and I am ABSOLUTELY convinced that this was the shot fired over the wall to HA that pushed up this implementaion from Q3 to February 18th. Poor decision making but also perhaps an act of clever desperation. I'm afraid it may backfire and the company run by the millennials may outfox the company run by GenX and Baby Boomer executives.", 
"Nice try, but the article is biased since the link brings me to a Management company.", 
" ", "Tracy   I sent a FB request", " ", "I agree with you but each call takes more than an hour. First there's a very long wait to even talk to anyone, then it takes forever to explain the issue. I don't know why it's so hard for them to understand. I don't think the CS reps actually understand how the listing quality and best match and all that work at all. I've been told things that are just wrong, then I have to explain how things really work.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Agreed, use the amalgamator to find best prices, then book directly with the airline, hotel, car rental agency.  Not only is it less expensive, in the event of any mishap or problems, you will receive much better service when you have purchased a product or service directly, not through middlepeople.    ", 
"Maybe you can pay for your VRBO subscription with forum points and half of the painting?", 
"You are right to save your money on subscription level but depending on your market or visibility, it is tough to do it with a personal website. Not enough traffic, how can they find you etc.", 
" ", "Before people comment as to why I am comfortable with the alert, I should add that if my listing says that we \"accept fewer requests than average\", it could be looked upon as a positive.  Perhaps people might think, WOW, I wonder what it takes to get a reservation there? Or gee, I wonder what is so special about this place that causes it to get so booked up by past guests?  For many, it just might be…what I can't have, I want.", 
"I am so very sorry this has happened to you. When and where does this insulting button pop up?", 
"Here is my video for an example:", "After your subscription level, your listing quality score is the most important factor that influences your placement within search results which can improve your performance and help you provide a great booking experience with your guests.", 
"This is her response to the property being available:", "PHONE NUMBER /CELL PHONE", 
"Happy St Paddy's Day Herb … and everybody else too!", " ", 
" ", " ", "Nine days", "Agree we need to voice what is working for us and what isn't, so the powers that be understand our concerns.", 
"And, not whining about working on a Sunday....", " ", "Block out your calendar for days your property is unavailable.  You save time because travelers won’t inquire or request a reservation on those days.", 
" I am desperate to try and keep my Home Going.", "  In addition, there is a drop down menu titled Add another payment method. This menu offers commonly used international methods. You can select up to five of these methods.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Anyone that is familiar with Auto Trader and remembers what is was and what it is today can see the foot prints in the sand.", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", "", "God replies, “In a minute.\"", 
"Did it cost you a fee for arbitration? ", "I Feel that I cannot commit to continuing to pay $2,000 a year in the absence of full disclosure from HA about what it is that I am paying for and what parameters I will be expected to operate under. I would like to continue with my VRBO if possible, but unless these changes are explained and justified to the point where I have a high comfort level and understanding of the new system, I will not be able to move forward this year. If the company derives revenue from me for listing my property, what do I get for that besides being on the site? I have paid for premium positioning. They are also deriving revenue now from the traveler and other competitors like Airbnb give back some of that to the owners in the form of insurance and photograpay services, etc. given that the listing fees are not refunded pro-rata, I don't feel that I have room for trail of the new services so I don't see myself reviewing. ", 
" ", "Is this how our guests will begin to assess this fee after a time?", 
"Can I prove that?  YOU CAN.  How are you doing since Best Match?", 
" ", " ", "I thought eCheck payments using Reservationi manager were a guaranteed method of payment.  Apparently they are not so here's the story.", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", "My final payment is due 60 days in advance to allow the check to clear. Did not know this about VRBO's echecks. Thank you for the information.", 
"BTW, Brian, what is not a burden to someone with your income is a burden to many travelers. An extra $100 on a 1K rental is a HUGE burden.", 
"scottr wrote:", "hey, they already got your platinum money. You are squeezed lemon now, to be discarded. ", 
"Im really concerned why and how they accomplished a chargeback to begin with. Im so sorry this happened to you.", 
" ", "Im so confused.  Surely the graph is accurate????", "Rather than have to type out the details of what I found when I did the \"detailed rate quote\", I'll just post a side by side screen shot. (see above)", 
" ", "If you go to Home Away.uk, then search your location, you will see no service fee on your listings.", 
"We all have choices and my choice is simply I will not under any circumstances book through HomeAway payments.   All transactions are between me and my guest.   If   i am punished to the point of few or no leads coming in through my Platinum subscription, so be it,   Potentially quite costly to me, but I will not agree to what I perceive as coercive and unreasonable terms.    ", 
"There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including statutory damages, attorneys’ fees and costs), and must follow and enforce these Terms of Use as a court would. ", 
"PMs display verbiage all over their VRBO listings exciting shoppers with fee-free vacations, all they need to do is book thru the PM's own website and bypass the HA fees.", 
"I also listed on VHR on 60 day free trial. Very few listings in my area, but have received six inquiries. No calendar with free trial so inquiries are often for booked dates, but at least the listing is being seen, so there is traffic on the site.", 
" ", " ", " ", "1) Guest pays Target for the privilege of buying a float to use in my property's pool - Target pays sales tax", 
"One of my mentors used to like to tell me there are two sorts of business people in the world, those who trip on an uneven sidewalk and curse the sidewalk, and those who One of my mentors used to like to tell me there are two sorts of business people in the world, those who trip on an uneven sidewalk and adjust their walking routine so they don't trip in the future.  My suggestion that you might want to consult professionals in areas where professional advice is both normal and expected in business wasn't a jab - it was a constructive suggestion aimed at helping you avoid further tripping.  But, feel free to waste your time titling at windmills and cursing the sidewalk.", 
"- One that allows me to vet or screen potential renters ", "1100 rent & cleaning fee", 
"Do you see a line item for tax anywhere here?", "Is this something new?  ", 
"1. On an inquiry (versus an online booking) I'd present the fee as a) providing the protections in the book with confidence guarantee and b) a cost of doing business. The book with confidence guarantee is at the link below (and I'd recommend emailing it to your guests). I'd compare these protections to something less safe (like Craigslist) and remind them that while most of the time everything works out, some of the time it doesn't (security deposit wrongfully withheld, emergency rebooking service (what if your house burns down?), a 24x7 hotline (say you fall suddenly ill and you can't greet your guest or give them access), property materially misrepresented (your cleaning crew quits/leaves town/gets in an accident on changeover day so the house is a mess), or fraud or phishing.  b) these fees are a cost of VRBO/HomeAway doing business: they cover our marketing costs, the costs of running our servers and the salaries of our employees and call centers. I've had a few of these calls where I've had to justify it, and I generally focus on the benefits of the guarantee, then I follow up with the costs of marketing the property and the fact that if VRBO didn't exist,the traveler and I wouldn't be talking.", 
"", "Yes, my few inquiries have been inappropriate (including dates already booked), and still no bookings post service fee.  I just received my first inquiry via VacationHomeRentals, and the woman specifically mentions the fees on Homeaway, and how she found me after looking around.  Hopefully, she'll book, as it is beyond slow for me.", 
"I can't just outright cancel because then refunding if I re-rent will be difficult thru Reservation Manager.", 
"Most of the listings show \"Owner Operated\", and 90+ % of the listings have zero reviews.", 
" ", "Before closing my last thread, susaninrehoboth posted:", 
"-  they see a posted nightly or weekly rate", "Should I assume we, owners, are paying the credit card fee on the \"guest fee\" charged by HA when all charges are rolled together?", 
" ", " ", "Abraham Lincoln", "Btw, I really believe none of this would hold up in a court of law.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", "and it's okay for HomeAway to bury and even deactivate paid listings if we don't comply, harming people's livelihoods.  But don't harm HomeAway's livelihood by using the free market!", 
"Having tom hale close out discussions about the service fee does not erase the outpouring of protest against the service fee. It just shows how unresponsive HA has become to property owners.", 
"I Believe there is a space for you to input your website, subject to approval of vrbo. ", 
"Geese, Louise!  The whole world must value their money less than I do.  If I stay a week @ $50, that's $350.  Tack on 10% ($35).  For whom is that an insignificant amount of money?  That would buy me a nice dinner out (for one).", 
" I would also bet that many owners in our market do not even know what hit them yet (the fee). More will start finding out as time goes. ", 
" Why would my repeat guest need insurance? They don't.", "Nice try, but the article is biased since the link brings me to a Management company.", 
" ", " ", "The article mentions that paying tier subscription can lift a not so nice property above the really good one travelers want, but eventually the not so nice ones are at the top anyway because of the algorithms.", 
"If anyone is interested in joining a private group where we can discuss these awful fees & propose solutions.....please send me a friend request.", 
"accepted...now you can add me to the page.  I sent you a PM on Facebook", 
"This Forum can be censored and controlled at any time... it has happened", 
" ", "lovesthebeach Actually, this is the one area where I can defend HA and that BS article from Evolve. Have Vacation Rental Listing Sites Changed for Good", 
"Can owners really do this?  Can we accept Homeaway's assurances we will book based on a system they have devised and will control?", 
"Does this help you understand why I like it so much?", " ", 
"He's offering to barter his painting for a free stay at your place.  We have a Community member who offers to do the same thing with taking photographs.", 
" ", "", " ", " ", " ", "I think that scooby is on the right track with your Listing Quality Score.  You don't say in your post if you accept HomeAway Payments and use BIN.  Both of those items affect your Listing Quality Score.  If properties at the Platinum level accept HomeAway Payments and BIN, they will appear above other Platinum-level properties that do not.", 
" ", " ", "If we can emulate hotels in this one respect, the \"taking back\" of their own business - all good!  ", 
"tom ", "How dare you introduce such huge fees -- WITHOUT MY KNOWLEDGE OR CONSENT -- and WITHOUT ADDING ANY NEW SERVICES. This is just plain wrong and you know it. ", 
"Not arguing with you, tandoori.", "how so?  I've gotten nothing.  ", 
" ", "Hi there:", "2) having a listing on another website to verify authenticity is a big plus. If a potential guest isn't used to vacation renting and the flexible payment methods most commonly offered skepticism prevails. ", 
"Keep your rates up to date to get better-qualified inquiries.  Maintaining accurate rates will minimize the need for excessive back and forth with your guests.", 
" ", " ", "- the traveler is going to see the fee at some point, whether in the newspaper or when booking ", 
"patpat922 (to Secrets 11) 38 minutes ago", "note: I also don't agree with the HA policy of forcing people to accept onlime payments, accept BIN, etc if they are charging them to be on the site; fine to penalize them in sort rank so long as they haven't sold premium positioning to them. if they have? They are breaking their end of the deal. The honorable thing to do would be to allow those people to remain on the site until their subscription expires and to let them decide whether to renew under the new \"guidelines\". That would have been responsible implementation. Period.", 
"Not. Happening. Ever. For me. ", "This is a new thread to follow up with castei12 who asked a question about the volumes of bookings this year compared to last year. To be clear, we have no obligation to provide these numbers on an ongoing basis, but since many owners are worried that the service fee is going to hurt business, it's an important set of facts as it shoudl reassure you that we're increasing bookings year over year, even with service fee. ", 
"Concerning the service fee, I fully appreciate that this has now become an industry norm and is an integral  part of the VR scene. The end result will mean more of a war chest for HA, which as you have explained in earlier posts will lead to the generation of more guest traffic towards our individual VR's. As we all know, more traffic equals more bookings, so thats a no brainer for me.", 
"Doctor Watson says, ''I prefer librarians. All their organs are alphabetized.'' ", 
"OMG!!!  I have been emailing with my 26 year old niece today seeking her input on domain names, creating my website, etc. as she has a Journalism Degree in New Social Media and already has extensive professional experience in the field (great major to find a job).", 
"Not that noticed, no.", "My property listing came up for renewal in January, and after many successful years listing on vrbo and then homeaway, and without any concrete information about the future direction of homeaway, I downgraded my listing from gold to classic.", 
"and now I'll be asking our guests to share with their followers - and they'll tell 10 friends who tell 10 friends who tell 10 friends etc....", 
"I think guests are willing to pay a certain dollar amount for their trip.  I don't think they really care if it's going to us or to VRBO or to cleaning fees or to whatever.  I think they look at the total amount and decide if that is an amount they are comfortable paying for their accommodations.  What makes me mad about the service fee is that it's 4-10% that I could be making instead of VRBO.  The service fee so far has not hampered my bookings, so that tells me that I was underpriced.  Shame on me.  The dangerous thing here is that OTAs are now taking a percentage of our profit away from us.  That is a shift in our industry, and it's one I really think needs to die a horrible death if owners want any chance of being able to continue to have a profitable business.  We need to do what this article is advocating for with hoteliers - Hospitality Net Mobile", 
" ", "At the same time, another fairy tales was being created by a set of authors who are also knowledgeable, amazingly successful and dedicated to progressive capitalism.   The authors of this very different fairy tale are identified as the CEO of HA/VRBOthe, the  COO of HA/VEBO and their organization's staff.  Their goal appears to be to convince the audience that their ideas are the most credible, innovative and are destined for success.    This is Fable Two", 
"And they can because they bring in a heck of a lot more money then any of us ever could.", 
" ", "No one should be wire transfering money to ANYONE in a short-term rental situation IMO.  It is rife with opportunities for fraud on all sides.", 
"The routing number should automatically have a list of all that institution's legitimate accounts in good standing at the time, and then (and only then) should the e-check be allowed to be submitted!", 
"Mlbmaine, many of the phishing fraudsters were opening personal accounts at Barclay's Bank in London, having the funds wired to them, and then closing the account and disappearing before anyone raised an alarm.  Barclay's is being investigated for failure to check id when settting up accounts. So the travelers sent money to a personal bank account, but the account owner was a fraud. ", 
"$499 to me is a lot of money and I'm in the upper income tier. It would absolutely deter me from booking a vacation. Or buying a car. Or a coat. Or dinner. It's a lot of money. $499 is a big chunk of average vacation TOTAL expenditure. ", 
" ", "Yep happened to me in Jan. Got pushed way down the listings. H/A said it was because I did not use On lIne Booking. ", 
" ", "", " ", " ", "HA certainly knew or should have known about some of the bad owners. They say they get calls all the time, so do they keep track? Did they warn those owners they'll kick their listing off? HA should have done more to get rid of bad owners and fake listings, but they waited too long until  it was too late. Because they wanted the listing $$.", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", " ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", 
"I can't recall which text notifications I've signed up for, and even if I do recall, I can't tell which are legitimate texts . . . . ", 
"I wonder if the management companies are going to cheat Expedia (rent and not tell the owner) like the management companies were doing to us.", 
"If you have any websites or opinions of a DOR allowing the property owner out of the obligation to pay tax on the entire sale amount, we would like to see that!", 
"2) Guest pay me for the privilege of staying in my property - I pay sales tax", 
"Hmm. Since it's gotten personal...", "- One that allows me to communicate directly with potential renters", 
"-   55 (5% of 1100)", "None of that matters to me, kdh.  The bottom line for me is that, HA is moving to the ABB model, and that model takes control off someone else's business and property, penalizes owners who don't comply (try canceling a reservation on ABB.  I did, and I got a notice from ABB that, if I had the gall to cancel a booking for my own home and business again in the next six months, they had the right to suspend my listing).  They also employ software to constrict communication, detect phone #s, etc., which I am adamantly opposed to as really what that amounts to is a quashing of competition, which is supposed to be illegal in the US. ", 
"How did you try to do this?  Did you click on \"Reservations\" or \"Calendar?\"  It seems like you should be able to block dates using either approach but obviously you can't.   I am able to block dates by going directly to my calendar.", 
" ", "gymbeau wrote:", "Good luck and keep us informed.  I plan to list with them as well as Home Escape as soon as I can find the time, probably after tax season (don't get me started on that!).  I will be renewing the VRBO listing at the Classic level instead of Platinum this month, which I currently have, just no longer see the value.  So sad to see a good thing go so bad.  ", 
"Can some of you go into RM and just check to see if you're able to change a Reserved booking to Tentative (you don't need to save it....just see if the drop down menu shows)", 
" ", "Construction workers are often delayed, and they normally end work early, and they often work for a few hours, then on to another job, then back in a few days when the owner starts calling the GC.", 
" ", "- they move forward with getting a quote", "Here's more info.", 
"But wait until HA keeps tightening the screws, raising the fees higher, making sure owners convert more and more. What other hoops for us to jump through will they come up with?", 
"Aren't these supposed to be free market capitalists?", "Sorrry, I could not resist....", 
"All I need is a web hosting portal and a payment processor. Incremental bookings as a result of that site are certainly great too. ", 
"With the new T & C, HA will now receive $1300 + 30 weeks x $200 service fee per week = $7300 annually.", 
"You might add language to your listing (notes section on payment, reservations, etc) which advises prospective guests you are not represented by a property manager and to be certain they are contacting the owner through the tel no and email provided in the listing.  ", 
"Do you see any phone numbers that are not yours?", "See?", " ", 
"I am sure it will be gone soon too. because your website can have a PP link or something. ", 
"tandoori wrote:", "Our area went from over 150 down to 139 in the last month.  Looks like the exodus has begun.", 
"I agree and at one point an HA employee told me that once they have booked with us they are OUR guests and we \"should\" contact them, or they contact us without going through HA. So, I suppose it is up to us to be diligent about making sure if someone books that they understand that they can contact us directly for subsequent stays, and yes Mike.......now there is a service fee for those returning guests, they don't get to use the HA payment system with all the benefits unless they want to pay the fee. Sad that they took away that option for repeat guests. There should be a way that their system could acknowledge the e-mail address and eliminate the fee and still provide the service of booking through the system. All this different payment systems depending on the guest is ridiculous.", 
"The article mentions that paying tier subscription can lift a not so nice property above the really good one travelers want, but eventually the not so nice ones are at the top anyway because of the algorithms.", 
"There are lots of people on here who justifiably feel violated and disrespected and as if they feel like they have lost control of their vacation rentals. It seems to be, purely from a business standpoint, that there is a revenue stream there for you that would eliminate many of the pain points that exist today. Since you are charging a subscription, I think its only fair to provide satisfact customer service to ALL of your paying customers. Couldn't you do a spinoff that is like the old vrbo? There are plenty of folks who want to be working in the old model. Personally, i like the convenience of online pay processing, it saves me time and I don't have to deal with cancelled or bounced checks. I am delighted when a prospect locks into a BIN with me because it means their intent to book my property is 100% provided I agree, and an inquiry only means they are looking at my property along with others. I'm delighted to have the optiton to not collect, keep and refund damage deposits. I don't want to fool with that. Adopting all of these things has definitely streamlined my rentals AND increased my success. I spend less time, I make more money, I'm happy. But those are my preferences and I do them because I want to. So long as I am paying, I don't think it should be a mandate. Airbnb gets away with it because they don't charge a subscription fee. ", 
"if VRBO did nothing in response to Airbnb, a (few) year(s) down the road we would have seen a drastic drop in demand generated from the VRBO site. Like it or not, millennials are now driving the ship and GenX and above are the dinosaurs. ", 
" ", " ", "Anyone having trouble being added, send a FB request to   Sammy Chloe    with a pic of a dachshund ", 
"It will be a private FB group that I will add folks as they request.  Once we're \"friends\" here, I'll pm my name and then they can FB friend request and I can add them in.", 
"I've already spent hours of my time trying to deal with this and I just don't have extra hours and hours to keep hassling with VRBO about it. I am so frustrated.", 
"Instead of booking a vacation rental once a year for their summer vacation, they’ll start seeing VRs as a real option for that three-day weekend getaway, for accommodation during their business trip – in short, for all of their travel needs.", 
" ", " ", "Perhaps the large hotel chains will lead the way to throwing off the burden of the middlepeople . . . . ", 
"Ooooh - thats me!  Just in case anyone wants some new photos of their VR.", 
"We added a bunch of the other sites on a PPB basis to pick up some of the slack. It does get a bit confusing to make sure all sites are roughly equal in policy, rates, payouts, etc.but every booking through ABB, FK, TA or whatever is then an extra booking we didn't have before. HA will eventually be just like them in a no subscription basis, just PBB.", 
" ", "As for sharing my listing I am not offended with you asking.  I have been asked on other forums for my listing number - one guy wanted to book and had not even seen the listing.  He was just intrigued and sent a private message.  I think through the years, it is only human nature to be intrigued with other listings, particularly if they are connected to those that have participated on the community forum.  But there are reasons for not going public.  That said, perhaps I will share my listing number in December when we close the doors for good.  ", 
"I just checked mine and on the main/first page is says \"request to book\". Then it asks for my name, email and REQUIRED phone (yeah). The step after that is credit card. Does the pop-up come on the first page or after they enter cc info?", 
"\n", "This is my understanding:", "Hello ", "We would also like to confirm the reservation on the following information:", 
" ", "Just curious where all those bookings are going. Since they are obviously not going to most owners on here or FB group, they must be going to all those PMs that have \"call us directly to avoid the service fee\" in their listing descriptions. ", 
" ", "And waterboarding isn't torture, because those doing the waterboarding say it's not torture.....", 
"tandoori,  There could be many factors, and since I don't know anything about your property or presentation, I'm hesitant to speculate.  That said, this is the time of year I tend to get a lot of inquires for the summer months, so that could be a factor.  I also worked with HE to move my guest comments over to the site, and mine is the only property in the area that has comments.  Given HE is a fairly new platform, or at least just now getting attention, I think having comments provides my property with more credibility than properties that don't have any comments.", 
"But when discussions started by an owner gets marked as \"correct answer\" and discussion closed by HA instead of the person asking the question, one might wonder whether this community will still exist at some point.", 
" ", " ", "Solicit reviews and update your listing photos and description.  Keeping recent reviews, high-quality photos, and a detailed description on your listing will help show potential guests how great your place is.", 
"All I ask of you is that you give me back my Sort Order that I paid for, and get some Enquiries in again, I see no reason why my Home has to be at at the end of the BIN Homes, and why it cannot be amongst them as well.", 
" To learn more, please visit our Owner Toolkit and Property Manager Toolkit pages.  ", 
"- in my view, travelers will pay the fee.... The do on Airbnb, right? So they are used to it. Some travelers, that is.", 
"Perhaps you should check out FB groups before posting. Just saying.  ", 
"Wow, for such a long post I can't believe that there wasn't something that I objected to. acbrown1969 We are just getting to know you. This post was very \"truthful\" and \"solid.\"", 
" ", " ", " ", "", " ", " ", " ", "As long as you are \"going out on a limb\", would you care to disclose how many bookings you have made with the new $100+ fee attached?", 
"Over time, I am sure county will raise your property tax. You cleaner will probably raise their rates. Your state may even increase lodging tax. However, HA, by adding their commission to your rate effectively disallowed you to raise your rate in the future not even for more profits, but to account for rising costs of doing business. So what will happen you may be ok now, but in the future you won't be able to raise your rates when you HAVE to. ", 
"If you were doing well we would not be having this debate.  All the statistics in the world can not fill your calendar with high quality high paying travelers.  That si what we had before and absolutely NOT what we have now/.  There I PROVED IT.", 
" ", "VR owners waste a lot of the power they would have by their choice to not grow together as a community.", 
"2/25/14 Renter pays using eCheck through Reservation Manager", 
" ", "I didn't think I could do that either, but when I put in my preference for Credit Cards (I didn't realize that my preference was for e-checks, until I looked), I then checked as if I was a guest and it only showed Credit Card option. Maybe I am missing something, but if not, I love it!", 
" ", "Especially when you aren't getting anything for that $499. ", 
"My market, that I used for comparison, is similar size rentals in the city where my VHR is located.  That city has 1800 HomeAway listings and 25,000 residents. So, it is a small community with lots of vacation rentals.  I see a similar trend as I widen the geographic area, although the actual ratio is smaller, the wider I go.", 
"H/A will bring it back up in listings if you have available dates. If you book your place there is no way for H/A to make money off you. No reason to promote your property. Don't care if you are platinum or dirt level. ", 
"Why did the first guest accomplish a chargeback? Are they pretending something went wrong during their stay to get their $? I personally have been unsuccessful with 2 chargebacks for legit reasons nevermind staying in a vacation home that didnt meet my \"expectations\" or whatever these jerks are claiming. My own bank whom I have a bit of savings with and a 15 yr relationship refused my claim when a tire I bought was plugged and not in new condition. And another denial the time I rented a costume in advance for Halloween, yet every Halloween party was cancelled because no one had power for 10 days due to Hurricane Katrina. Even the costume store was closed so I was unable to pickup let nor use the costume. Each of these claims were about $200, my bank investigated, credited me the money, then took it back after investigation. I was so ******. I considered leaving my bank but may need the relationship if Im going to buy another income property. ", 
" ", "", "Crazy, right? I can almost guarantee that this is going to affect my bottom line this year. It may be time for us to start marketing our VR outside of VRBO. I used to get quite a few inquiries from advertisements on Craiglist and Facebook, so I may be forced to resort to these options again. If I do well enough with these methods, I may just drop my VRBO subscription altogether next year. I'm paying over $1200 a year for the VRBO subscription, plus another $1200 a year for VR liability insurance, not to mention the mortgage, utilities, cable TV, internet, etc. VRBO clearly doesn't understand how BIG of an impact their service fees may make.", 
" ", "As of about 4:00 p.m. I started getting notification of a new app and that the old app will not longer be supported. I downloaded the new app, and my inbox is now empty. All conversations with pending guests and potential guest are gone. I logged on to the full site on my desktop, and my inbox is also empty on the full site's dashboard--both HomeAway and VRBO. Normally, I would have confidence that this is a temporary upgrade issue. Given everything that's been going on, I would like some reassurance of that. VRBO/HomeAway folks, please respond. Thank you. ", 
"Bookings this year have been very interesting.   In past years about 75% of my bookings have been via HA/VRBO.   This year they represent less than 25%.    I am not happy, but I will survive.   I have a renewal coming up in a few weeks.     i will give them a chance and renew,  downgrading to classic level.   And by next year if things don't change substantially it will be buh-bye.", 
"Arbitrations will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA Consumer Rules. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules, except as provided in this section. If your total Claims seek less than $10,000, we will reimburse you for filing fees you pay to the AAA and will pay arbitrator’s fees. You may choose to have an arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the state where you live or at another mutually agreed location.", 
"Your theory suggests that HA is trying to rid itself of the lucrative owner-operator subscription and commission-fee, and be left with only PMs who contribute only a fraction of the platinum subscription payment; and bypass any HA commission grab as that belongs solely to the PM in their business model.", 
"I've had 3 inquiries so far this month. All three booked and paid through VRBO. Up until yesterday, my statistics were showing 2 inquires and a conversion rate of 150%. Now the chart shows 4 inquiries and conversion rate of 75%.", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", "It is in YOUR opinion. HA posted multiple times that they are responsible for tax on fee. I will let it rest at that. ", 
"3) Guest pays HomeAway for the privilege of using their site - HomeAway pays sales tax", 
" ", "- One that allows me to be the decision maker in regards to my home", 
"1045=owner gets", " ", "I Clicked on calendar, my blocked time has a payment request waiting to send out to me, complete with servuce fee. ", 
"2: The best way to communicate the book with confidence guarantee is this link. ", 
" ", "somebody just posted an article from the CEO of Expedia. Everyone should read it.  As everyone predicted H/A is moving towards hotel type bookings.", 
"I don't see any way to do it.  ", "https://www.vrbo.com/my/ce195efc-50f3-4e9d-8bea-8f7d9bc77cfb/usa/north-carolina/coastal/southern-coast", 
" ", "\"Service fee started the same day inquiries stopped.\"", 
"- quote is substantially higher than what they saw as posted rate", 
" ", " ", "I think that the 'new breed' of innovator will be the get-back-to-basics Regional sites that are now attracting new members, and further, an upcropping of new ones under development now.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "Yup. Totally agree. Hers is what one of my guest just received after going ahead with their booking with me.", 
"In talking to a rep and then his supervisor from Homeaway Support, the supervisor threatened to \"take down my listing\" if I try to avoid the new service fee. Really, is this how we are to be dealt with moving forward? He said you will take down my listing if my \" headline, descriptive text, or communications with a traveler\" says anything about actions to avoid the HA service fee. Supervisor Shawn case #18068011. ", 
"I'm truly not seeing a drop in inquiries, but I am hearing from some mighty unhappy potential guests. ", 
"Yes, but you must acknowledge that actually cancelling a reservation will be a very rare thing.  In the even that you need to cancel two in six months, and you don't have a track-record of doing so, you have nothing to worry about.  This is just part of the common FUD people spout about AirBnB.   I'm not defending AirBnB -- I still hate them but, really, I'll take the ugly company who treats me well over the ugly one who abuses me!", 
"Let's give them benefit of a doubt. Maybe some hid their listings, or their subscriptions have expired and the owners did not notice it. ", 
"Sheesh - I just did a Google search on my VR headline, and a bunch of listings showed up.  Most of them are HA subsidiaries, but one of them was new: Tansler.com.  Have you all heard of this site?  Their headline is:", 
" ", "Did I hear 'tiers?'  'Sorted?'  BS's 'alluded to April announcement?'  Please, answer my simple questions re: pending renewal(s) for existing Owner listings?  ", 
" ", "Airbnb started as a shared space and their rules still reflect that,  even though they have added whole houses or unshared space.  Until they have a set of  rules that vacation home owners are comfortable with, it's a hard sell for many of us.", 
"I'm sick about these fees and how they're going to ruin my/our businesses.", 
"YES PLEASE!  ", " ", "Tom Hale, tonyha, or Casey - will one of you please assist this owner?  I know you guys are at a minimum scanning this forum.  ", 
"Granted, if you don't take weekend reservations in the off season because you have a Saturday turnover to prevent calendar conflicts when season starts, it doesn't help you. But the Millennials are now reaching 40 years old and prime spending stage. Their mentality is to take more frequent vacations. You also have more of them without kids by choice who can travel anytime. Personally my favorite time of year for vacations is May and Sept/October just about anywhere in the US because the weather is awesome. ", 
"And, if we don't, is it our fault?  ", "i wish HA would find friendly ways of presenting these things to us. With stats to back it up.... Like people are 40% more likely to book a property that is BIN enabled, I made up that stat. When they are just thrown out there without explaining the benefits, they seem unfriendly and people who are not quick deciders (like my dear husband) aren't very eager to say \"sure, I will try it\" (like I am).", 
"Amen, truer words will never spoken. ", "I Actually traded with a professional photographer several years ago and once those photos went live, my bookings skyrocketed. No joke. True story!", 
"We have 2 websites of our own and have had only one inquiry but no booking. I am not a website guru that knows how to get search position results...apparently.", 
"I respond to each and every inquiry within an hour - 100% response rate.  But I have a 70% decline rate, because I use my own reservation system, and show my calendar as blocked, not booked. I would say I have a 80% acceptance rate, for those are truly interested in booking and the fit is right.   ", 
"Gross.", "It is right above the \"Book It\" button on VRBO. Last time I checked it was not on HA.  And it also depends on which browser one is using. For me, it is Safari. ", 
" ", "If multiple properties are at the same subscription level and have the same quality score, then length of membership will be used.", 
"Thanks for the updated information. We are okay with the accommodation and cost . We would also like to confirm the reservation on the following information: ", 
" ", "Middlemen (middlepeople?) add little real value, but much real expense.", 
"Darn, I had a question mark so it marked as a question instead of a discussion.  What I really wanted is a poll. Therefore I unmarked T Hale's self imposed correct answer. ", 
"I take my business very seriously and I spend a lot of time researching pricing trends and working out my rate schedule accordingly. You have shown, once again, that you really don't care about your customers, who, by the way are the OWNERS. ", 
"Exactly.  My, and other's, 70, 80, 90%, 100% drop in inquiries and bookings isn't a drop!  it's HA's new policies \"bringing us more bookings!\"", 
" ", "Yes, that is a concern.  Homeaway could close down the forum at any time.  But, then there are other sites available to host us.  ", 
"KDHbreeze, I take exception to your characterization about whining.  Let's keep the conversation civil please!", 
"3) Just read a stat on a vacation rental management website, the average guest submits 7 inquiries. Anything is possible.  (Guess I'm not the typical traveler, my average is 3-4). ", 
"Maybe  I'm missing something but how is this email threatening or suggesting you are avoiding the fee?  Looks like a standard email. Perhaps you received it because the listing is new. ", 
" ", "Using online booking with your alternative payment methods will allow you to have a booking button published on your subscription listing, even if you do not use HomeAway Payments.  To learn more about online booking with your alternative payment methods, watch our video.  Online booking can be used with some of the more commonly used payment methods offered today such as PayPal, checks, bank wire transfers. This feature provides a streamlined process for you and your guest that helps you manage your bookings and schedule payments, while you are still handling the transaction directly. Please note, pay-per-booking listings are not eligible to use alternative payment methods.  Once you have entered your alternative payment methods and detailed instructions into your account settings, you can begin using online booking so your guests will know how to pay you.   Reservation Request A traveler sends you a reservation request by clicking the booking button on your listing. They will enter their trip dates, contact information, and select how they intend to pay you.  You will be notified when the guest reservation request comes in. You can also see a pending reservation request in your Reservation Manager Inbox.  You have 24 hours to accept, edit, or decline the reservation request. You can also use this time to communicate with your traveler if needed.  To accept a reservation request, access your Reservation Manager dashboard.", 
"- As a travel marketing, advertising and PR professional, i honestly haven't ever seen a situation handled as poorly as this one has been, in thirty years ", 
"I Respect your opinion but I think it's up to people to decide for themselves what they think is fair or not.", 
"I KNOW my views will be unpopular but there is a lot of truth in what I have written. Times change, people change, their habits change and millennials are just about to reach their prime earning years. I have thirty years of very solid (executive level, Fortune 500) marketing, advertising and PR experience under my belt. My specialty is within the travel industry and within loyalty/ retention programs for them. I know what I am talking about here.", 
"Now that this thing called the Internet exists, I don't need a middleman anymore. ", 
"In the spirit of transparency, I'll did the legwork to find the publicly released datapoints and add them in. ", 
"The only issue with the booking fee is the way that it is labelled, and there still seems to be, from a guests point of view some ambiguity as to who is requesting it and who is receiving it. It would be great to hear from you why you have taken the decision to somewhat \"camouflage\" or smoke screen the recipient of the fee. I have had some guests enquiring if this is the pool heating or some other service....", 
"Doctor Fitzpatrick says, ''I prefer mathematicians. All their organs are numbered.'' ", 
"Also almost fell off My chair when at the end of her latest email she wrote:", 
"They took the funds immediately on foot of the chargeback. I put a case together to object. 6 weeks or so later I send a follow up mail and then the original money is refunded to my account. I never actually checked to see if there was a difference between the amounts, but I don't ever recall a charge being cited. ", 
"Suprisingly, I have received more inquiries, and one booking of a premium summer week (I'm a New England summer season rental)  since downgrading my listing.", 
"Like I said I'm batting 100% for March no significant bump from the fee. The only inquiry who wanted to take the booking \"off line\" was a PITA and after much exchange decided they weren't going to book. I even had a phone exchange with someone about the fee and then they sent a booking request which basically locked in the fee. You can't dispute stats. ", 
"I agree with you completely.  HA took money from owners, plain and simple, when they implemented the fee.  I was actually just about to raise my high season rate from $150/nt to $160-175/nt.  I have now put that plan on hold.  Why am I not making that money?  Because HA took it away from me.  That's why this commission model needs to go away.  ", 
"IMO your analysis is long-winded and too hard to follow, and too complex.", 
"Strange that the Fable Two authors are writing about the same VRO's cited in Fable One, but the descriptions seem to identify a totally different sub  group: VRO\"S who are inept, needy, unreliable, and possess questionable business skill sets.  In the same vein, the authors of Fable One portray the Fable Two cast as callous, egotistical, arrogant, perjurious and even ruthless.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "2/27/14 Money is deposited into my checking account", 
"A check (personal or cashiers) is the safest payment method as long as their is 30 or 60 days prior to arrival for the check to clear.  60 is far better because if NSF, the owner has some time to re-rent.", 
"Are you certain that when you indicated credit card as your preference that the e-check tab completley disappears as an option or that it simply is not the default tab (and was the tab not front and active) when the guest goes to pay?  When we specified crecit cards as a preference in the dashboard that is what happened and many here have said the same thing.  If what you are saying is correct, then they changed the way it works.  When's the last time you checked this?", 
"Like you, I prefer personal checks, with all payments at least 30 days out so there is time for the check to clear.  On those rare occasions when I have a last minute rental, I use Paypal and keep my fingers crossed. I'm thinking that I might ask for ID for any last minute guests from now on.  ", 
"Looks like compared to last year, you DID have a spike in bookings in Jan this year (as opposed to having them spike in March last year ) - 1st chart. I have had somewhat similar experience. We used to get a BIG spike in bookings Mid Feb when  travelers got their tax refund checks. This year the \"spike\" came early, about 2nd and 3rd week in Jan. We have booked out most of our high demand seasons before the fee.  So I would suggest to wait till end of March to have a better comparison. Compare the # of bookings made in  2015 by March'15 EOM and # of bookings made in  2016 by March'16 EOM. ", 
" ", "Everybody is reading so much into it. It's simple: best match is only for H/A not you and certainly not the traveler.", 
" ", " ", "I expected that they would suppress the Analytics since the Analytics were revealing that travelers were leaving the site in huge numbers.  Instead, they decided to make up some new numbers and attempt to re-write history.  All I can think about is the clip from Brian Sharples explaining how companies can manipulate numbers to show anything they want.  The one thing that can't lie about is the inquiries that I have received - still 0 since Feb. 18", 
" ", "But now even good, reliable owners will be kicked to the bottom, simply because they did not want to \"opt in\" to credit cards. ", 
"How did you get the \"new app\". Could you have been scammed?", 
"galvestonbeach wrote:", " ", "AApparently, HA has a proprietary software platform for property management that they sell to PM companies to run their companies off of. In conjunction with companies like Red Awning (which would not be interested in working with a single property home owner), home away had 40% of listings derived from PMs as of Q3 2014. It must be much higher now. They have a separate agreement with these PMs. According to Red Awnings press releases, which are not targeted to people who own one home but instead to let's say a real estate agency on Sanibel Island who manages/rents/cleans 1,000 homes, their agreement with HA allows them to ensure that the PM listings receive premium positioning. ", 
" ", "Aaargh.  ", "We are all up in arms with the multiple insulting changes HA is making so it's hard to focus on each individual issue. I'm curious which single issue upsets you the most.", 
"It is not my opinion.  I am simply reading state sale tax rules.  And I have posted them here.", 
" ", "You are out of your depth for sure, but it's more a result of your veiled slights and assumptions than not being with your finer class of smart business folk. I'll skip sharing my credentials, (other than the aforementioned and ignored education) but it's a bit naive for you to assume that since I have only joined this forum recently that I've not been engaged with fellow owners -- or with management, for that matter. Or that I'm in the grips of HA as you seem to assume. (HA constitutes about a third of my bookings.) ", 
"- One that treats me with respect and as a valued revenue generating CLIENT", 
"They did not want to \"invite\" me and my 2 properties. She was very vague about what kind of properties they extend the 60 day cancellation policy to, except saying \"in remote parts of the world\" whatever that may be. ", 
"But again, another bottom line, I do not understand why anyone griping about the Service Fee on HA would suggest sending travelers to ABB, where that fee for them would actually be higher.  ", 
" the time is still blocked but it doesn't show in my reservations (fine) but it does show in my monthly bookings and my \"score\" is down because there are no online payments to correspond to this. I suppose I could charge myself $10 and pay .90 to homeaway.... But on principle, I don't want to do that. ", 
"https://www.vrbo.com/info/ha-guarantee/travel-with-confidence", 
"When I look at the next to bottom square (cost) in both columns do I see that it shows 'FREE'?", 
"Once you ready the article  you will understand their destruction of the vacation rental business. ", 
" ", "INteresting.  You can't even book the top listing on your link and it sure is listed as an owner listing.  the more we get into this, the more I wonder if the strategy is well thought out.  Time will tell.  Owners can learn to mimic these strategies if willing to give up a few of the conveniences that BIN once brought.", 
"Did you inform the guests and ask if they were OK with the construction?  Or just refund without asking?", 
" ", "- this is a deterrent to booking.", "Credit Card fees:  Who is paying the Service fee CC processing fees?", 
"Eventually, even the ones \"accepting\" the fee, will cry, enough!", 
" ", " ", "While it is certainly annoying to be blocked from communicating with guests, I have a suggestion for a way around that works.", 
" ", "Unfortunately, there are people who will eagerly reply to an email solicitation offering savings on a homeaway/vrbo property rental, which a thoughtful consideration would suggest is questionable, if not fraudulent, and lead the inquirer to review the circumstances carefully.", 
" ", " ", " ", "I have experimented with adjusting my rates down to do my own testing. I wish I could have two listings so I could do this A/B testing to perfect my revenue management on my property, which I has nailed down perfectly prior to this implementation of the fee. ", 
"No, it won't be a rare thing because the booking is made BEFORE we can vet the traveler.  ", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", "Airbnb started as a shared space and their rules still reflect that,  even though they have added whole houses or unshared space.  Until they have a set of  rules that vacation home owners are comfortable with, it's a hard sell for many of us.", 
" ", "HA absolutely DID need to change and I understand that. They have to deliver to the end user (vacationer) a satisfying user experience on the web and in using the site in general.", 
"Mr Thale and BS are driving their company over the cliff--all facts be damned. NOBODY I interact with or lists with HA now wants anything to do with them, including prospective customers. ", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "You'd have to know a lot about my area to know that people just don't come off season, even the small motels close down.", 
"It seems like they are using as many strong arm tactics as they can to get us to tow the line.", 
" ", "Doesn't that sound strikingly similar to what they say to the owners: choose not to use BIN, and lose your search position; choose not to accept HA payments, and you lose your search position; choose to bypass the fee - and get your listing revoke.", 
" ", "I took the money I saved in my down grade and invested in our new web site plus a subscription on VHR and new business cards, address labels with just a tad left in my pocket.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "Mr & Mrs Kevin Arndt", " ", 
"So the only criteria for deciding how to label the fee is \"bookings\"?", 
" ", " ", "I know too from email exchanges with HE that they are getting flooded with new listings, and that means the business is generating what I like to call a \"positive spiral.\"  More listings means more guests browsing, and more guests browsing means more listings...", 
" ", " ", "Not any more than before. In my market, we routinely get \"bottom feeders\" and \"tire kickers\". \"what is your best price for...\", \"can I have XXX days for YYY dollars all in\", and my latest 'favorite' that takes the cake: \"do you have a special like 3rd night free?\". Travelers in my area are spoiled by PMs who give away freebies on managed properties (easy to do, because PM has no skin in the game and does not pay any expenses).    ", 
"Their language:", "13 Years of Loyalty to VRBO must at least count for something.", 
"  After you accept, your guest will receive a confirmation email and your request for payment, otherwise known as a payment request. At this time the reservation is automatically added to your calendar.", 
"- people wI'll continue to react until HA provides answers to these questions; they pushed forward the launch of the fees by several months, was widely publicized to occur in 3Q 2016 and happened on Feb 16", 
" ", "As susaninrehoboth mentioned, secret has been on for a long time and we know him and we need to \"all get along\". However, I will say that I didn't see any posts from secrets11 (or you) during the time we had Tom Hale berating us all and locking us out of the forum posts. The true outrage if you search through the posts was HA ignoring the last webinar which was probably the most important one ever. Talk about bad PR and lack of respect!", 
" ", " ", " ", "", " ", "Do you use Yapstone through HA? ", 
" ", "OK but your post is very confusing.", "Thanks for the link... important issues are raised", 
" ", " ", "Just got an inquiry for weekend stay.", "2/28/14 I receive notification that the payment is Reversed due to A) account closed or B) account name doesn't match name submitted", 
" ", "Yes!!  What a mickey mouse operation to be transferring funds to the owner and then verifying account info later.  Homeaway is not even verifying that the funds exist....since there is no \"account\" to verify if it was a typo.   It will take one scammer reading this public forum who is bold enough to not be caught to pull the scam on Homeaway.  ", 
"Yes, I have read about the phishing scams with the hackers diverting email inquiries and then having renters wire transfer money into accounts at Barclays Bank in London.  I believe that class-action lawsuits were filed against Barclays for not doing the appropriate verification of the account holders' identities when the accounts were set up.  I haven't read about any outcomes of these lawsuits and Barclays has said that it complied with UK banking regulations.", 
"Not defending HA, but I do have more bookings to date this year than I had last year by the same date. It's the overall bookings by year end that are in big question. ", 
"Let me try to restate my observation", "What is this thing, \"inquiry\" of which you speak...?", 
"So how in heck are people able to do chargebacks other than for stolen credit cards?", 
"", "It is a bit hard to believe that a company would alter customer performance data in such an obvious fashion.", 
"As an aside, I have to wonder if the service fees VRBO is charging now are to try to rake in as much as they can before local governments ban VR rentals altogether, or if those fees will be for VRBO (in the style of Uber), will be using them to subsidize their legal fees in their attempts to stop local governments from imposing ordinances to outlaw VR's.", 
" ", "I downloaded the new app, and my inbox is now empty. All conversations with pending guests and potential guest are gone. I logged on to the full site on my desktop, and my inbox is also empty on the full site's dashboard--both HomeAway and VRBO.", 
"....", "To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your Claims to “HomeAway Legal: Arbitration Claim Manager,” at Expedia, Inc., 333 108th Ave N.E. Bellevue, WA 98004.  If we request arbitration against you, we will give you notice at the email address or street address you have provided. The AAA's rules and filing instructions are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. ", 
" ", "Holy moley, if we are going to be judged by conversion rate, the numbers need to be correct. Sorry, I can't do better than convert every inquiry.", 
"I Haven't received any unsolicited phone calls lately from people who are telemarketing from foreign countries trying to sell me on something related to my property, thank god. There was a time there when I was getting them almost weekly. ", 
" ", " ", "If you can find something that shows I am liable to pay sales tax for things others, like Target and HomeAway, are charging my guests, please post!", 
" ", "- One that I feel I can trust and count on to communicate with me with honesty, integrity and respect (I don't like surprises or broken promise)", 
"Unless you own a private island in the middle of a the clear blue sea or a tree house you'll willing to offer as a vacation rental, AirBnb probably isn't interested, based on the ads run on Hulu. ", 
" ", "Did you enter an email address? I blocked my calendar and didn't receive anything from HA.", 
" ", "The guarantee is FREE when a potential guest completes their booking through VRBO.com.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "But couldn't you change the dates to something far out in the future so that your calendar is opened up?", 
" ", "They also frequently delay the start of work from a tentative start date to a later one, unless there is a contract that specifically has damages or penalties for failure to being/end on time.", 
"You replied:", " ", "10. Implement punitive measures designed to affect the exposure of the suppliers' advertising.  Not to worry - we suppliers understand. You wish the best for us and punishment is to help us learn how to get more exposure - through compliance.", 
" ", "These \"innovators\" be making their money by a different and less convoluted manner by1) managing costs, 2)  adding value, 3)  attracting new members.", 
" ", " ", "$7,300 isnt THAT much different than $1,300  ", 
" ", " ", "They shared it with me because after long telephone conversation and getting to know and trust each other, they found it amusing that all 3 were nothing like my place! Two are 100km away from my area which is a huge tourist attraction!", 
" ", "There is an attorney that sometimes posts whose specialty is anti-monopoly and free trade laws or something like that. I can't remember his screen name but I think it's something about the Chesapeake Bay.", 
" ", "They talked about 18.9 million a year in scams per year on Vacation Rentals. HOWEVER; they strongly recommended VRBO and AIRBNB who guaranteed the property! Too bad more emphasis of this segment was more on the negative and the people losing money and not on the positive!!!", 
"\"Tansler: Their place.  Your price.\"", "Mr Thale and BS are driving their company over the cliff--all facts be damned. NOBODY I interact with or lists with HA now wants anything to do with them, including prospective customers. ", 
"VRBO/HA: For Owners with Listings Due to Expire bet. Now and the April \"Reveal\"", 
" ", "Dead link.", " ", "I've tried to find it, but keep getting message that content is unavailable....  I can't seem to find Sammy Chloe on FB either... how can I find the group?", 
"EDIT....If there are no PM's here...then I'll change the FB setting for the group.  Give me a few minutes to change that.", 
"HA really needs a dedicated escalation team that we all have direct email access to.  Directv does this with their retailers.  If customer service is not able to resolve a problem then they tell you to email the escalation team, and they tell you what you should say in your email.  But you do need to go through customer service first.", 
"It's not where you go off season for a weekend.", "So if I remain with them, I will convert as it benefits me, but I will diversify for sure.", 
"Here is a true stat.... tomhale.. People are 100% more likely to accept changes when they are presented in a friendly and clear fashion that demonstrates that it will improve their bottom line.   Put that ad agency to work! It will fix a lot of this pushback you are getting.... Lots of people truly don't understand the benefits of these things and they may seem scary to them. ", 
"u0999, it's almost verbatim. I love Marriott's response. ", 
"of course, vrbo reduced the resolution of those photos and now they demand that I reload the higher resolution images. I don't know where they are but I will dig them out. ", 
"Anyone know how to downgrade subscription level with online renewal?  Do you have to call CS?  I have been to my renewal page and a lower subscription level is not available.  It will only allow me to renew online at the platinum level.  ", 
"I knew the acceptance rate would be displayed sooner or later.  I can kiss HA/VRBO goodbye!", 
"butt out of our businesses, HomeAway!", "I have a platinum listing - not discounted.  So I chose to try BIN, but could have deleted it after trying it.  Thank God I did not choose the $50-discounted option as then I would have been stuck with it.  But I am certain when I renew at the classic level, I will be forced into the discounted listing and thereby have to use BIN.  For me, that is happening on May 1st - ugh!  ", 
" ", "There are three cases that I can think of that would put other properties above yours:", 
"Mrs Anya TatarinovaDolіshnіy Іvachіv Street,41/25Lviv 79067 ,Ukraine, ", 
"Pavlov Street, 26/11  ", "But, according to middlemen, we can't live without them . . . . ", 
" ", "As such, you have once again lost my trust, my confidence, and another piece of my business. I just can't stomach the way you conduct your business any more, and I no longer want my business image to be tarnished by your unsavory practices. ", 
"OR...it's OUR fault!  Our price is too high, or the traveler should lower their expectations and find a cheaper house.  But the one who will not bend or flex is HA. They deserve, and need, that Service fee!  See, HA is not as fortunate as those of us with ONE property, and a short season, in which to derive our income.  HA is stuck with one million properties from which to take upwards of 15% of the income from those homes!  Barely getting by!  This is why I suggested, on another thread, that we one-home/short-season owners hold a bake sale for HA.", 
"My bad.  I worded my question all wrong when I asked \"how so?\"  I meant not how are you getting inquiries but rather \"what do you mean by you're doing better than expected\"?  Sorry 'bout that.", 
"The only concern I mean to convey is that we not water down our potential impact by posting to a dozen sites, many hidden from view, which makes it difficult to be aware of what the owner community is discussing and doing . . . . that's all.", 
"tom ", "I definitely had some odd inquiries just after the onset of the fee.  I absolutely felt \"shopped.\"  I avoided blatantly suggesting that they avoid the fee, but when the rental agreement arrived minus the fee (which was reflected in the quote)...    well, what are you going to say?   Somebody's got some 'splainin to do.  ", 
" ", " ", " ", "- For every day that HA sits silently on this issue, more and more disgruntked subscribers will exercise their first Amendment rights and will take it to the streets", 
"ARe we supposed to be afraid because we voiced our opinions to the COO? Where have you been if you didn't know that he is the COO? Are you insinuating that the boss may \"fire\" us for voicing opinions? we don't report in to HA.", 
"Lol ruthejp13, I got locked out from one today! ", "even if they cleaned my house, etc. I would not be interested. ", 
"I am sorry, I cannot include gross booking values in these figures, as that would allow anyone - wall street analysts, competition, etc - to reverse engineer our revenues. Anyone who is aware of regulation FD (financial disclosure)  will understand why. ", 
"Whilst I have taken to the stage for a little while I would like to take this opportunity to request another addition to the booking process, and that is giving the ability for owners to have a list of optional extras that the guests can select when making their booking. This additions could either be one off such as a grocery pack or length of stay based items, such as pool heating.", 
"Doctor Ahn says, ''I prefer Homeaway/Expedia executives. They’re gutless, heartless, brainless, spineless, and their heads and rear-ends are interchangeable.''", 
"\"I hope this helps!\"", " ", "As it's not clear how magical best match and tiers actually work, I would recommend renewing at classic, if an owner wishes to renew at all.", 
" ", "From the article in the link posted by sherin: What exactly is the Accelerator program? Simply put, it is a \"bid for position\" commission program in which hoteliers are encouraged to provide Expedia with a higher commission in exchange for better visibility (read higher ranking) of the property listing in Expedia's search/availability results pages.", 
"The real story is simple.", "Two Fables from one traditional source.  Not unusual with evolving legends.  Two Fables but only one will survive to define this power struggle of warring ideas and ideals.", 
" ", "3/04/14 Money is removed from my checking account by Homeaway Recapture", 
"For last minute renters, the best way I can think of is simply send them a deposit slip (or acct #) and have them deposit cash in your bank account PRIOR to providing access.  There is no way they can reverse that!", 
"The question is, is this how e-checks work everywhere (say with PayPal too) or just with Reservation Manager?  I wonder if it is an industry standard with e-checks or if it just depends on what payment system or software you are using.", 
" ", "I didn't show any numbers from last year - just this year versus the market.   If you have booked your season before the traveler fee went into effect,then you have not seen the effect of the fee yet.  My booking window is very near-term (1-2 months out), and I should be booking now, while I'm still in high season.  I'm not, even though my market is nearly fully booked (80%).  The travelers are not booking on HomeAway, since the Service Fee went into effect.  You may not see this effect until you get closer to your next season.  ", 
" ", "I recall it only as a thing of lore but had heard it went missing along with the long-extinct \"booking\".", 
" ", " ", " ", "Quick check, I found this alternate site:", 
"Will HA protect me from a guest that damages my home or lies about the condition after staying the whole week and initiates a charge back?", 
" ", "Bookings this year have been very interesting.   In past years about 75% of my bookings have been via HA/VRBO.   This year they represent less than 25%.    I am not happy, but I will survive.   I have a renewal coming up in a few weeks.     i will give them a chance and renew,  downgrading to classic level.   And by next year if things don't change substantially it will be buh-bye.", 
" ", "It behooves HA to work with these types of PM because it's a single point of contact for 1,000 listings.... And these listings are looking for 100% rental optimization, with maybe a week or two a year that the property owner block out for their own use.", 
"Mine makes no mathematical sense either, and my inquiries number per month doesn't match the actual number of inquiries.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "1) Best Match completely disregarding why you were rightfully on the top of the search previously. Overnight you are dumped to the bottom of the list.", 
"What an HA employee posts has merit, but it should be taken in context.  Has anyone seen a payment from HA to their state's DOR for sales taxes on your property?", 
"mike-dfv wrote:", "Your suggestion to consult a tax pro (most recent post) was \"the most ironic thing\" in the prior post to which I replied. Don't go all soft on me... or pretend that you weren't chiding those who didn't share your view. Time will tell who is correct on this tax question, until then, I'm going to avoid your passive-aggressive missives. It is notable though that neither Carol nor Joel, have positioned themselves as ultimate authorities. They, like me, are having a thoughtful discussion... and neither of them has felt the need to tell me that they're accustomed to dealing with \"business people\" with the implication that I'm not in that group. Go in peace my friend, and pay your lodging tax on HA's revenue.", 
" ", " ", "And I want to stress ,this is not an either/or situation for me.  I think both of these companies' models are terrible and need to be laid to rest.  But we can't crush them if some owners are sending travelers to one or the other.  Owners, IMO, need to stomp their feet and demand a return to the boutique/VRBO model, where WE control our own &*(&%& businesses and properties!", 
" ", "3. When I've had to explain the difference between a 30 day rental and a 7 day rental, I point out the part of the book with confidence guarantee (see the screenshot below.) that covers 100% of the rental amount paid. If your rental is a 30 day rental costing $11 thousand dollars - protecting the total cost of that rental is going to be more expensive than protecting one that is $3 thousand dollars. I'd also very quickly point out that this fee is lower than the competitive sites and speak of it in terms of a percentage of the total. For an 11K stay, it's ~4%, and for the 3K stay it's 5%.  I called out the section on the screenshot below with the red arrow.", 
" ", "Someone posted an article on here - or blog post - that was a guide to avoiding service fees by finding the owner's own website.  There was a list of tips and tricks.  I wanted to reference it on my site and possibly print it out to include in my guest book.  Can someone repost the link or refer me back to the original post?", 
"Yes, I did that immediately, but I don't understand why one of my listings allows me to change to \"tentative\" and the other does not.  Both have BIN enabled.  ", 
"while folks talk about a \"closed\" system, they can't do that while keeping these PMs doing the same thing they have been doing.", 
" ", " ", "add to that the fact that the seasoned VRBO traveler is used to receiving quotes that correlate to the posted rate and suddenly the rate quote is higher and with added fees that weren't there last year, I predict that they change in consumer behavior will be that the will not book and will look elsewhere for other alternatives, ", 
"Another problem by offering a discount via removing the service fee is that you are now OFFERING A DISCOUNT. How many discussions were there before the service fee that when you have a guest looking for a discount, they are a problem guest.", 
"Some of us owners, are just ahead of that curve.", " ", "― George W. Bush", 
"email: \"please contact me directly at johndoe at G m a I l dot com p, I have to write my email address like this because vrbo screens it out\" has worked well for me in the past ", 
" ", "Best to you on working this out.  ", "Are you set up to receive text messages with new inquiries?  Have you received any text messages with NO corresponding VRBO inbox entry?", 
" ", "So now we have to watch what we say because you are monitoring our comms. That is just great. What a good company to be involved with.", 
" ", "And no, you did not \"that\".  You credited ABB with not behaving in the authoritarian, nasty way HA has, but that is because ABB started out with that model so they did no have to wrest control of a non-existent client base to change the model.  HA did.", 
"They also mentioned the rentals were paid by cashiers checks.", 
" ", "Dead link.", "I read the article but you can tell where it came from. In a discussion I posted a couple weeks a go... Hindsight is 20/20 but what would you have done different to raise revenue and going forward? I would like to know why commission and subscription models can't be separated? thale  I know it's against policy to re-post but didn't really get a good answer other than policy rather than the revenue HA is trying to achieve. However with all I have read in the Community I am rethinking # 5 as it seems owners want control of their property. Charge an extra fee for not using it though.", 
"Most people don't want to wait for a few days to have an answer on if they can rent a vacation place or not. Most people don't even write checks anymore, they use online banking and do their transactions without touching actual cash (including checks) very often at all. Especially the younger folks, and by that I mean 40 and under. They want to be able to book a vacation place online, within 24 hours, and pay by credit card. The older people are going to have to adapt to the way the younger people do business If they want to do business with them. The aspirational 40 year old who is renting your home will probably be the guy who buys it from you in ten years.", 
" ", "Ok...you don't have to send me a friend request here because PM has been disabled....so instead", 
"I set up a FB page recently. I'd held off thinking lots of personal information was required. Not so.", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", "Good point, we advertise to our repeats that they can book for the same fee and be grandfathered in to last year's rates.", 
" ", "I completely see the value of BIN if it works for your property. It just doesn't work as well for my needs and being force feed is even worse.", 
" ", " ", " ", "I am SOOOO mad…they are telling people not to book with us.  And I cannot eliminate HA payments because I have a reservation that still has the final payment due in a few months. They are pretty much telling me to hide my listing.", 
" ", "This reminds me of when it was discovered, over a year ago, that upon hitting the submit button on an inquiry, a page comes up for the traveler, and on the right, HomeAway says, 'We recommend looking for homes with the BIN icon\"...as if homes that had not OPTED to be on BIN - for darn good reasons - hadn't paid them the same, and later MORE, to also have their homes shown. ", 
" ", "1) The property is pay-per-booking listing.  These tend to get moved around depending on the activity.  I think they still must stay within the subscription level though.  30% of all properties on HomeAway are pay-per-booking", 
" ", "Kharkov 61068 ,Ukraine, ", " ", "How about honesty?", 
" ", "To dwareham: Also FYI Don't put anything in you property description about the fee. Don't, (IF) you get an inquiry e-mail them about going around H/A system to avoid the fee.  If you do not have \"on line booking\" turned on H/A will move you out of the way. If you do not have H/A payments, H/A will stear your guests to another property. Don't decline any bookings. Even if the guest tells you they will destroy your property. Even if the guest says they want to make meth in your property. YOU MUST let them rent or be punished by H/A.", 
" ", "Which really should mean that HA and VRBO \"how to\" issues are discussed here and issues of owners, operating, and marketing your VR business should not.", 
"Huh?? KDbreeze said you were not whining.", " ", "You’re getting this message based on the number of bookings you’ve processed through VRBO. If you're using your own methods to process and track your bookings, we recommend using our tools so we can provide you with more accurate information about your performance in the future. ", 
"Regards A G", " Please note, if you do not take action within the 24 hour time frame, the request will automatically decline and your guest will be notified by email.", 
" ", " ", "and why is your picture gone? Did you do that because this is a searchable public forum?", 
"", " ", " ", "Thanks!  Laughed out loud.", "Is this unbelievable or what?", 
"I am honestly interested in the facts as it has been mentioned many times about a fee to fight a charge back.", 
" ", "On the one hand you seem to be saying that the $100+ fee is not disaffecting your business, alluding to support HA's claim that shoppers will still come to HA even though the fee has sent FK off a cliff and also others in the past (and anecdotally on this and other VR forums it has killed most business according to most owners).", 
" ", " ", " ", "After sending the quote, here is what I got:", 
"3/04/14 $25 fee is removed from my checking account by Homeaway Fees", 
" ", "Retrieving data ...", "Instead of asking for wire transfers, the hackers could have had checks mailed to them and deposited these checks into the Barclays accounts.  Obviously, wire transfers are much faster.  The hackers can obtain monies and then close the accounts quickly and move on.  As long as a traveler has verified that he is dealing with the actual owner, there is nothing intrinsically bad about wire-transferring funds to an owner's personal bank account. The VRBO website contains the following admonition to travelers:  \"Always make sure to call the number on the listing to confirm payment details. Only pay using credit card, PayPal, check, or direct bank transfer.\"   They do tell travelers to \"NEVER pay by cash or wire money to instant money transfer services such as Western Union or Moneygram.\"", 
"Hi there Scott:", "What you call Contacts to Bookings, is Bookings (numerator) divided by Contacts (denominator).  For that ratio to go from 15 to 95 (my example) or 5 to 50 (your example),then either Bookings have gone up by a factor of 5, or Inquiries have dropped by a factor of 5.  Since the the number of bookable days hasn't changed in the last month, the only conclusion is that Inquiries have dropped by a factor of 5.   I understand your position that this is good because your are providing more qualified inquiries.  But. let's look at the other metric.", 
"Otttoboy, it is hard to remember what an inquiry is and looks like...but I actually had a recent sighting of the rare species Inquirius  Redditum Domun!  In fact, I've had THREE Inquirius Redditum Domuni since...last August!  I'm exhausted from responding to all of them!  ", 
"If you make fraudsters jump through many hoops they might not rent from you! Make it a challenge! See their ID, match name and signatures to rental agreement, name must match credit card. Tell them ID is requested in person. Indicate that cameras are used outside the property for fraud and crime protection. This will weed them out hopefully!", 
" ", "Cant think of another company that has done that recently - oh wait, Volkswagen was doing similar stuff.  But consumers didnt have the \"before\" data to compare.", 
"Texas Travel Tools, Tours, Guides, and Bookings | TravelTex", 
" ", " ", "Just saw cljames132 post \"", "Any and all proceedings to resolve Claims will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a Claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. An arbitration decision may be confirmed by any court with competent jurisdiction.", 
" ", " ", "So after hearing some folks talk about this site, I thought I may give it a shot. I called them first to learn more about them. The call kept ringing, ringing, ringing, with some automated operator saying that my call was next in line. No music, while on hold, and it then goes into a voicemail option. I left my contact info and the reason for my call. Ummm, yeah that was 3 days ago and no return call! ", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "HAXpedia meets some but not all of these criteria. If you had asked me a month ago, i would have answered that I wouldn't consider anything but HAXpedia. ", 
"My requests for AirBnb aren't dependable either, however, inquiries usually result in a booking, especially since page views per month are minimal. So the real problem is how my listing winds up in a guest search. (Same problem as we're experiencing on HA/VRBO. ", 
"They are not even close to the same model.  HA actually is executing both subscription and commission models as well as a booking model.  Whole different animal and fraught with difficulties.", 
"When I get a reservation from a source other than HA/VRBO, I enter first name, last initial & source of rental. Can you imagine ABB reaction if owners entered guest email in reservation system and HA contacted a guest that booked through ABB?", 
" ", "However the service fee covers our costs of running the sites, providing 24X7 support to travelers (And owners) and marketing your properties. See this post here to understand marketing costs", 
" ", " ", "Retrieving data ...", "Construction almost never happens on schedule.  Lucky me, I have construction in process for three properties.", 
"\"With all due respect, this is simply not true.\"", "Thank you Mike. I believe you speak for many of us.", 
" ", "The past few days, I have sensed an increasing attitude of acquiescence among posters----like a collective sigh of acceptance of the squirrely new business patterns dictated by HA. ", 
"HomeAway's campaign to send owners away from their site couldn't be better \"free advertising\" for these new regional innovators.    ", 
" ", " ", " ", "Hi there:", "vrrentcamera  I have a gmail addy, can I do this with gmail also.   I do not have any extra numbers set on my 'two factor authentication\"", 
"But guess what? All three are BIN/HA payment... big surprise?", 
" ", "Sure would like him to chime in about the legal definition of a 3rd party transaction.", 
" ", "In this day & time, everyone should pay by credit card!", 
"It's an auction site for VR's.  Apparently the prospective guest does a search for the area they'd like to vacation and the price they'd like to pay, and various options are presented to them.  I suppose the owner is notified and has the option of turning down the low-baller when the request comes in, but I have no idea.  I just messaged their CSR and let them know that I don't want to be represented on their site.  Haven't heard a thing from them yet...", 
" ", " ", " ", "Evolve is a PM company. VRMintel is publishing articles telling PMs that your new fee is a win for them because it gives PMs an opportunity to educate their customers to book directly through the PM's website to avoid third-party (HA) service fees. Several members here in the community have posted examples of PM listings that explicitly state \"Contact us directly to avoid service fees\".", 
" ", "https://m.facebook.com/groups/1561970497463326/", "I have had listings with you for seven years now, and I just wanted to say thanks. ", 
"They don't say they will send it to tech support and have no idea if/when it will be resolved.  ", 
"I wish I had repeats.  But a vacation to Disney (for most families} is a once in a life time deal.  ", 
"I guess if HA doesn't like my conversion rate, I will be told or pushed further to the bottom of the pack.", 
"Will we be able to review prior guests?  How far back? I have some that booked through VRBO before I enabled BIN or alternate payments, but just stayed last week that I would like to review. ", 
"\"We have great relationships with our OTA partners and will continue to work with intermediaries in mutually beneficial relationships that enable us to achieve our strategic objectives. We realize that customers today have a choice of booking channel at their fingertips so our goal is to offer a portfolio of direct and indirect booking channels for our guests.”", 
"GRrrrrrrrrr.", "Edited…", " ", "How about, \"This owner has cooties\"?", 
" ", "The photos are WAY to dark and narrow.  Its the most common problem on real estate photos.  Check out my photos for some examples:", 
"2) The listing is new (but still platinum).  These will get placed higher temporarily to get some exposure", 
"Also , due to the unsecured use of credit card online or on the phone, I have arrange for payment inform of US check/Money order Please do forward me the following details for payment", 
" ", "Thank you for posting this link.", " ", "You really, really hacked me off.", 
"As long as you stay with H/A you will follow their new rules or take a chance on being removed.", 
"I'm not concerned that I've gotten nothing from there.  It's brand new and I think we all have to do our best to support startups that are in the old VRBO model.  Time will tell, but they can't go anywhere if we don't list there, right? I'm very glad you are getting action from that site, though. This is also the time of year my place gets booked, but I'm not on or even within walking distance of saltwater beaches, so my house takes time to get booked.  But VRBO has just dropped off a cliff, and I don't want HA/Expedia telling me how to run my own business let alone penalizing me if I don't let them do it.  ", 
"Why not discuss our plans in the open?  Might it not give Homeaway pause to find us more resourceful and independent than they believe?  How does conducting secret discussions sway Homeaway?  ", 
"ah, I think the suggestion was he's not whining because he's not here . . . . . ", 
"Not worrying about it now because I am getting -0- inquiries ", 
"Oh, that part of your email isn't listed above. ", "Will Supply Listing Number if Required.", 
" ", "at this point, my recommendation to HA would be to hire a crisis management firm to deal with subscribers. ", 
"many people on here have very valid concerns and the changes that have been made (in the dark) have left many people  a vulnerable spot.", 
"Even when it is marked final, you might be able to click on a link that shows all comments.", 
" it's easy now for us to do things that just weren't possible before and when it equates to 40% of YOUR money, suddenly it's not appealing. ", 
"<snip from Castei12>", "As part of the booking process I would like the guest be given the option to merely select, for example, pool and spa heating, and then their quote would be updated to reflect the cost of this based on the number of nights being booked, or in my particular case we charge a cleaning fee of stays under 7 nights and it would be great to see enough intelligence in the process to either add or subtract this fee based on the number of night being requested. I", 
"OMG.....buwhaaaaaa this is the best freebird", "At least your niece actually meant it.  ", 
" ", "The best an owner can do, in my opinion, is save $$$ on their renewal, and watch how homeaway's \"improvements\" and \"benefits\" unfold.", 
" ", "Anyone want to bet on the April announcement regalrding subwscriptions?", 
"You are somewhat portraying Sharples as the victim, worried for his job.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  Sharples has 3.9 billion reasons why he is not worried for his job   ", 
"Maybe the guys with the most money will win and will write their fable's ending to include a moral governed by thunderbolts of burly power and forced submission.     Maybe the guys in the VRO Chorus will create an ending to their fable where the moral features butterflies and unicorns: where hard work and and personal honor are victorious over the Powers of Darkness", 
" ", " ", "Any HA payment system or Paypal or even credit card can be reversed.  For a weekend stay it may be tolerable to the owner, but those of us who rent for a month in a 4 month season would be hurt too much financially.", 
"I want to make sure other owners know about this and can be prepared in case it happens to them.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "HA certainly knows that there are unscrupulous guests, just as there are bad owners, so where is my protection?", 
"Oh-oh.  The HA system has a severe security defect in that a fraudster can mark inquiries as spam and then they disappear from your view.  Apparently even HA CS cannot see them.  The fraudster can then take over the conversation with the prospect and siphon off any payments, and you wont be aware of what is happening.", 
"It is also worth mentioning that the T&C amended 2/9/15 now includes binding arbitration language to resolve all claims individually, and not through the courts, thereby preventing remedy through class, consolidated or representative action. (Italics mine.)\"", 
"Can you please send a link to the 2/9/2015 T&C's? I didn't think they were updated from 2014 until September 2015.", 
"we used to use Royl Shell for our house on Captva Island and paid them 40% cut of bookings to do the work, including cleaning, required in renting out our home. It was rented 80% of the year, which added up to a lot of money. Naturally, we were delighted when vrbo came about and we could skirt the PM and rent our house out by ourselves. Prior to that, it would have been impossible. So we had no choice but to use them.", 
"Either they're doing some odd manipulation, there's a glitch in their programming, or someone can't do first grade math.", 
" ", "2) Double Dipping where the T&C were changed that in addition to paying a subscription fee your travelers now also pay a service fee, essentially increasing your rates", 
"I am afraid HA has alot of fires burning right now (mostly of their own making), and they are busy doing other stuff.", 
"It is clear, you're right about that. Sales tax must be paid on the entire amount. Where you're mistake lies, in my opinion, is in who is responsible to pay them. ", 
"Lefty", "Well, I hate the whole Air concept  of closed communications and that whole \"shared\" stuff idea. But my personal emotions aside, AIR just does not get my places rented. It does not. 1-2 booking a year. That is it. Maybe it works for someone with lil condo, or lil efficiency apartment in yuppie urban area. Maybe it works for someone whose properties are in the market where AirBNB is a household name and many people use it. Does not work for me  for free standing fairly large cabins in the mountains. Air adds so much COMMISSION to my normal prices that I doubt anyone in the right mind would rent. And, as my experience shows, most of the time people don't. ", 
"what, what, what? Sorry, late to the party. This would make all the difference to me when it comes to ABB. However, they still can steal money out of your checking account if the traveler encounters a snow storm preventing them from reaching your destination during spring break (or hurricane during summer months even if the hurricane isn't affecting your destination but the outbound traveler's destination).", 
" ", "Have you tried canceling  the payment request?  Then, follow the help guide for blocking dates, see: How do I block my calendar for days my listing is not available to rent? | HomeAway Help", 
"if someone wants to avoid the fee, my comment is generally, well, I wouldn't advise that. Then I follow up with, \"It's my policy to collect the fee because it protects you AND I want to perform well on the site\"", 
"Increasing Marketing Spending with Service Fee to get you more bookings", 
"Thank you!", "One has a pricier subscription, but I doubt that's the issue.", 
"I should preface this post with the observation that HA has not addressed my last question, so I doubt I'll get an answer to this one either. But for the rest of the peanut gallery, please think on this:", 
" ", " ", "I feel the same way Anja. Deeply disappointed and deeply disheartened by the heavy handed, tone-deaf manner in which Tom's chosen to address the members of this community, who are as Mike pointed out, among HA's most committed owners.", 
"I agree that the tipping point price is an issue, unfortunately discounting is not the answer. This is why I prefer the subscription model verse the booking fee model. I think it is wrong of HA to implement a booking fee on subscription owners. They should have grandfathered it in like FK did years ago.", 
" ", " ", " ", "phone number: \" please call me on five five five- six seven eight- one two threee four\" (555-678-1234)..... This has also worked for me ", 
"Can you imagine if Walmart put a sign outside their front door:  Entrance fee for this week's grocery shopping will be $200.", 
" ", "thanks for posting this info.  ", " ", " I will be waiting to see if I get a response or if suddenly my listing gets taken down. Homeaway used to be the best, but now, not so much brian. Obviously , owners have much at stake when their business is their home. I want you to know that for the first time, I removed my auto renew, cc details, and will not renew at platinum level but maybe at classic.", 
"I think that you are bound to the terms of your contract thru the date that it expires. Moving forward, I don't think that HAXpedia is required to let you do anything that they don't want for you to do, if they require exclusivity, it may be enforceable in some states and in others not. I think, for me at least, the big decision is \"do I want to continue to drive business and revenue to this company?\". ", 
"Right, $35 traveler fee for a rental of $350 is not excessive.  But 10% on a $3,000/week rental IS.  Don't get me wrong. I'm not defending the traveler fee anywhere. I am adamantly opposed to either of these companies getting any commission on rent.  I don't believe it would hold up in court.  My opinion is that they are not entitled to a percentage of someone else's rent.   If they wish to impose a flat traveler fee, I can see that.  But the arrogance of believing they are entitled to a percentage of the rent is galling.  That wold be like the advertising agency for Coca-Cola saying they are entitled to 10% of Coke's profits. They aren't.  They are entitled to the flat charges for producing an ad for Coke.  ", 
"Credit card transactions are secure and have protection against scams.", 
"Retrieving data ...", "Evolve is a PM company. VRMintel is publishing articles telling PMs that your new fee is a win for them because it gives PMs an opportunity to educate their customers to book directly through the PM's website to avoid third-party (HA) service fees. Several members here in the community have posted examples of PM listings that explicitly state \"Contact us directly to avoid service fees\".", 
" ", "HA could have let this sort itself out by knocking the people who don't accept online payment or accept BIN requests to the bottom of sort. That would have been a motivator to implement these changes, by choice. Or they could stop charging subscription fees and make up their own rules.", 
"Link took me to here, after turning up an error page: ", "", 
" ", " ", "I'm still confused.  When you say you accept online bookings but you do not use HA payments, do you mean you have registered alternate payment methods with HA and your guests use those?  ", 
"Are you kidding? We used to go every year. Also I've done birthday parties and I get kids asking for the exact same party 3 years in a row. Also younger siblings need that same experience. I would expect repeats for VR in Disney after 2 or 3 years, instead of every year. Disney is so expensive but it's overload and should really be broken down into 2 trips with Epcot and Universal for the second trip.", 
" ", " ", "", "The lower video is my condo, and I think that we both came out ahead.", 
"You have to call, when I did I was surprised they did not give me a hard time. I expecting something like Direct TV.", 
"Any suggestions???", " ", "HomeAway has no business steering travelers to or away from ANY homes; nor does it have any business speaking FOR any owner.", 
" ", "3) The other properties and managed by Property Managers and may get preferential placement", 
" ", "Hope to hear from you soon ", "Retrieving data ...", "It won't take long for people to figure out they were lied to, never a good idea.", 
"You are laaaaaaate to this \"party\" this has been outrage since Feb 18th. They will tell you they send you some email in Dec. yeah, there was usual spam emal with a \"oh by the way, about the fee\" buried at the bottom of it, under some fluff. ", 
"Just remember dw nothing matters but the fee.  H/A has promised all of us with this new fee and their new business plan we will get so many bookings we will be the next Donald Trump. ", 
"It stings, and it stinks. A heads up would have gone a long way to helping this.", 
"You aren't going to sway Homeaway.  The best you can do is give them a comprehensive look into how you run all of your business, which is how you got \"best Match\" and BIN and the other things that helped get you into this wonderful position with many inquiries and a high conversion rate.", 
"Tom Don't take it too personal. Deep down we know if you could do something for us you might. Please try and remember, what Expedia has done to all of us and what they intend to do to us in the future may very well hurt our small but fun business. The practices Expedia is putting forth well lead to our property being damaged. The guarantees Expedia are offering are scary. Most of us if not all feel this will cost us what little money we make in a year.", 
"Same here. I have had 0 bookings post service fee, which is atypical. I had a Vacation Home Rentals Inquiry, who went to HA first.  Says she is mailing me a check with the rental agreement.  I'll keep all posted if this becomes an actual booking.", 
"This is rather amusing.  ", "Get in line and join the long list of owners that are feeling the same slap across the face. HA doesn't care about owners with longevity.", 
" Payment Request", "I agree, travelers would accept the fee but the rollout was handled horribly.", 
" ", "Wow that was a long post - one of the longest on record IMO.", 
"", "Tom,", " ", "An HA employee flying in a hot air balloon suddenly realizes he’s lost. He reduces  height and spots another HA employee down below. He lowers the balloon further and  shouts to get directions, \"Excuse me, can you tell me where I am?\"", 
"Come on now! Tom means it, too. He believes in his product and is explaining it the best way he can. That we disagree with him doesn't mean he is being insincere.", 
"These are real concerns from Owners about accepting HA online payments.", 
" ", "Otoh you seem to be indicating that more of your bookings are being made outside of HA's platform, ie using social media and email blasts, and their friends, and their friends.", 
"Expedia knows exactly what it's doing.  It's taking as much of a chunk of the profit as it can.  Shifting it from the hotels and the VR owners to their own bank accounts.  We all need to grow a pair, buckle down, stop being lazy, and take back our businesses.", 
" ", "  ", "  ", "I of course contact the renter on 2/28/14 and let him know that he needs to call VRBO and get this handled asap.  He calls VRBO on 3/1/14 and pays again with them on the phone through eCheck.  He tells me they did not give him a reason as they could only see last 4 of account number.  ", 
"Do NOT post a name - there is no upside for you and alot of personal exposure for you.", 
" ", "Edited by mlbmaine:  What bothers me is that HomeAway/VRBO does not explain to the traveler the reason why the traveler should telephone the number on the listing before sending payment.  I almost never have guests call me to verify that I am the real owner.  When I receive a valid email inquiry from a traveler, I respond to the inquiry by telephone.  Perhaps they check my phone number against the number in my listing using their caller ID, but I doubt it.", 
"You should make sure you are sharing which \"competitive\" set you are using for these graphs.", 
"What you call Views to Contacts is Contacts (numerator) divided by Views (denominator).  For that ratio to go from 2.6% to .8 % (for ALL the US), then either Inquiries have dropped,or views have increased. We already know from the first analysis, that Inquiries have dropped..  I also can't imagine a 3X increase in Views because travelers are flocking to the site to see the new Service Fee.", 
"Unfortunately none became Redditum Domun Bookus, for which I am sure I shall be punished by HomeAway.", 
"I got weird vibes from a lady once. All of her answers to me were short and emotion-less. I asked her to tell me a bit about herself, what she did for a living, and what was the nature of er trip. She told me it was too complicated. Maybe I lost a good one, maybe not. If people want to stay in our homes, and many of us have $500-800k homes or more, they need to answer any reasonable question I give them. I dont care if it means I lose one or two stays. A chargeback from fraud is a nightmare!!!", 
" ", " ", "HA must know travelers will look for options to rent without fees.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Thanks", " ", "It could be that they did not do \"trial runs\" before the start up.  If they were in a hurry to get this program started (and I believe that they were) there could be some cliches in their system.  ", 
"I understand that they may be busy fielding questions, but in my opinion, that is not a great impression on a new customer, who may be looking to list their property. I also plugged in several areas of the US for listings. It looks pretty dismal. Has anyone listed with these guys and have you had any action at all. Thank you for any information that you can provide.", 
" ", " ", "Agree entirely. In my state, they're pretty picky about getting their pound of flesh. I pay lodging tax on cancellations, even though no one actually spent the night. If my company takes in revenue related to my business, I'll pay tax on it. But where I think vrrentcamera and we disagree might be in the definition who the customer is. One could make the case to the state DOR that HomeAway is my customer since they pay me. And again, the real difference is that we never receive the money that HA bills the customer. I said this before, but it bears repeating -- if I as the owner, received the full amount and then wrote a commission check back to HA for the service fee, then I pay the tax on the full amount. Since I only get my cut, I only pay tax on my cut. (I do, however pay tax on my credit card processing fee).", 
"pretty sure he never says income when he should say revenue", 
"acbrown1969   I, too, would never  have thought of Air as being a better option a month ago.  ", 
"Some of the limitations found with ABB may be due to lack of presence in a particular market, but don't overlook the effect of their variable fees.  Less expensive and shorter stays incur a percentage about 1/3 higher than longer, more expensive stays due to the variable fee percentage.  People have had good luck actually raising the rent such that it lowers the fee without dramatically increasing the cost of the rental.  The smaller the fee appears in relation to the rent, the better a value it appears.", 
"And, I'm not suggesting that you should use ABB if you don't like their business.  I am merely highlighting the difference between a company that is above board in its dealings with both renters and owners and one that is decided not above board.", 
" ", " ", " ", "GUEST SERVICE FEES – Vacation Rentals Costs Explained", 
"Is it possible that one of them did not pay anything through HA?  If no payments were received, it makes sense that a booking could be changed to tentative.  But if money has changed hands, I don't see how HA could or should allow a change to tentative.   ", 
" ", " ", "It seems it is true for Susan, Tom. As I mentioned in the start of the other thread, I'm the first to admit that you are suffering a lot of vitriolic fervor. This wasn't that. Susan is stating that, for her, inquiries stopped that day. I believe her. I also believe you that it isn't the case for all owners. Hill seems to still be doing well. Like Susan, I am not. My prices were already at their peak and I had proven that higher prices, where my prices are again thanks to your fee, do not work for me. So please don't be so dismissive when someone, especially someone like Susan, says something.", 
" ", "Ruth", "Historically, a siege situation can achieve this goal with a targeted population.....it is psychologically easier to give up and accept some tidbits of reward than to continue the exhausting battle of defending the castle...and I don't blame those who have made the decision to accept whatever terms necessary to preserve their business. ", 
"Social media, (not google search engine which has been bought and paid for by the big listing site for hotels and vacation rentals) will become the source of  their other \"free advertising\".   I wonder how many \"likes\" and favorable \"tweets\" do you think the new VRBO program can generate?    ", 
"Or this one, also apropos:", " ", " ", "This is potentially a breach of your email account cheri123 OR of Bill's account. It's impossible to say for sure without more detail. ", 
"Good to hear that you dont have any extraneous phone # in 2FA.", 
"", " ", "In my listing there are links to 5 rental management companies in my area, VRBO's competition, third party, placed there by...VRBO. I opened a case for this 3 weeks ago, still waiting on a response, shocking.", 
"Meh, not true.  ABB is a booking site model.  HA/VRBO used to be a listing site model, now it's half and half.", 
"There are several options for secure payment which have been discussed in many threads, owners have written of various types of payments which best suit their needs.  ", 
"Just wondering if anyone's tried utilizing the Special Offer function for advertising a sale or getting open dates booked?  For the first time in 4 years of renting, I have gaping holes in my calendars for May.  This equates to $6100 in revenue and a $900 dent in my housekeeping / maintenance staff's wallet.  I know we're currently in a different booking environment and past experiences may not have a lot of bearing...   but I'm grabbing at anything to spur inquiries.  ", 
"Link took me to here, after turning up an error page: ", "(1) VRBO and its sister site VR would have been separated. VRBO would have be for the name it implies and the others including property managed would be listed on VR.", 
" ", " ", " ", "Showing FB group page link again", "I had been meaning to list my units on your competitor sites at some point, but I had just never gotten around to it. Until today. ", 
" ", "I average 30 to 33 rentals a year---over 150 rentals total--all Disney and never had a repeat rental.  I know that they enjoy themselves because I have over 50 positive reviews and not one negative reviews. ", 
" ", " ", "it mirrors what all of us have been saying on these boards.", 
" ", "I had to call when I renewed a last year at a lower tier.", 
"bobbie, I believe I read on another thread that you may cancel the reservations in place, refund funds paid, and the, of course, book the rental directly.  I think it was susan who posted, although I am not certain.  She had several reservations/payments in the future and I don't recall if she this prevented her from disabling HA payments of if she did follow through with cancelling/rebooking and disabling of HA payments.", 
"\"This owner is not a good housekeeper\"?", " ", "vrbo.com/462317", 
" ", "FULL NAME ", " ", "As I type, there is a run on my page views going on.  I've gone from 211 for the whole month) to 299 at this moment, and climbing.", 
"lovesthebeach wrote:", "I think the key here is the definition of \"low\".", 
"And despite all this, DON'T suggest, on Community, that HA is authoritarian, and DON\"T post illustrative pics of sayings like, 'You Will Comply\"...or you will be banned from Community.  Only HA employees are allowed to say that to US, see?", 
" ", "Ah, no.  I'm one of the holdouts.  I don't use any Homeaway features.  None.   I advertise.  And, I'm diversified and ready to walk.  I long ago saw the writing on the wall - homeaway's intent on being an interloper.", 
"Expedia shows NO concern for the people that made H/A what it was a few months ago. ", 
"I smelled a shop/recon inquiry, my only inquiry this month, saturday afternoon. Two guests peak week in June, but nothing in the body of the message. Guest was a VRBO member since March 2016. ", 
" ", " ", " The traveler is sent a payment request which includes a quote and a link to access your payment instructions. The link will take them to a HomeAway check-out page where they can log in and view your specific payment details. They will also send you notification that their payment is on the way.", 
" ", "i don't know what you find \"unreadable\" but what I see in here is people pleading for information from HA and I don't see anybody on here from HA answering the very valid questions, addressing the very valid concerns and explaining what the new \"rules\" are. I have seen people plead for a list of rules so that they can be followed. Crickets.", 
" ", "in the days before the Internet, it was only possible because there were no alternatives. ", 
" ", "have requested these feature multiple times via the feedback tab, but so far no luck.", 
" ", " ", "Yes, they were all through Yapstone.", "I would also urge all owners to diversity to other listing and booking sites.  If homeaway continues in its folly, why not list on Airbnb (premiere rental site), and other sites discussed on many other threads in the forum.  What's to lose?  At a minimum, we demonstrate to homeaway that we are willing to \"walk\".  Why stay with an airbnb wannabe when you can have the \"real thing\"?", 
" ", "I Agree!", "IMO Here is what transpired:", "Who know?   This is the intrigue and mystery of fables, fairy tales, myths and legends.....and one thing is for certain, you can never predict the ending when a unicorn is involved.", 
"After reviewing your quote, we have decided to pass at this time. The rental price and the additional fees are more than we desire to pay at this time. Thank you for your communications.", 
" ", " ", "I thought eCheck payments using Reservationi manager were a guaranteed method of payment.  Apparently they are not so here's the story.", 
"Retrieving data ...", " ", " ", "I am getting inquiries but no bookings. I am certain the reason is two fold. My listing is in the minority that have the service fee. Second, my state just recently imposed state sales tax, so this is first year to collect what the repeat traveler is not used to paying.", 
"Thanks to everyone who commiserated with me.", "_____________________________________________________________________________________", 
" ", "I already booked all the weeks in the peak season, and last year at least 70% of the offseason.  Its impossible for me to get more renters.  Getting new renters was not my problem.  They are treating this like there is an unlimited market out there. ", 
"HA keeps talking about getting owners \"more bookings\". Sure some owners want to fill more openings, but that is not always priority number one. I need the right guest, not just any guest.", 
"I would suggest going thru your email inbox (not HA's inbox) and contacting all your prospects and mention that they should not respond to anyone except yourself about your VR.", 
"I may have to reconsider,  I might have to choose to not renew at any level if I have to agree to these T&Cs.   While I have no intention of suing,  I also am more than reluctant to agree to not to, especially since they are doing nothing to instill trust in me.   ", 
"Try this from the Wayback machine:", "there are lots of people who own fractional shares, people who own but don't want to fool with renting their homes out themselves, people whose property mandates that they use a certain PM if they are to rent their home out, etc, so there is a large market in that for HA. ", 
"The odd thing is that nothing in their new \"Best Match\" algorithm or their service fee should have disrupted the basic stat tracking unless they went in to attempt to manipulate it or calculate it in some creative way.", 
"This does not surprise me. The site is using a well known vacation rental script that can literally be up and running in a few days and costs under 300.00. IMHO it was built quickly to take advantage of the situation. It will be sold to the highest bidder when enough inventory is loaded on the site. The free listing BS is for inventory. ", 
"3) The service fee model and/or the high cost of that service fee", 
"I dont see any indication that HA is paying these taxes.  If they are, owners should be receiving a statement to show their state's DOR that the sales tax on fees has been paid.", 
" ", "I am quite clearly slighting by suggesting that business owners obtain opinions on tax liability and tax responsibility from tax professionals actually licensed and qualified to give them, all in a much ego-inflating attempt to suggest that professional advice from someone then responsible to you should they advise you poorly was a better approach than assuming you have a comprehensive understanding of tax liability and reporting requirements, taking the word of someone in a tax or revenue department (who is neither qualified to give an opinion or understanding of tax, nor responsible to you for what they tell you), and finding out from the IRS or a local tax ruling that your assumption was incorrect, incurring fees, fine, and legal costs in the process.  ", 
" ", "Before listing on AirBnB for a whole house rental, spend some time visiting their forum: globalhosting.freeforums.net to get a general idea of their concept, typical guest issues, and even some of the same concerns we post here. ", 
"No one is forcing you to move to ABB.   Do what makes the most sense to you.  However, for me, ABB has provided great guests and bookings year round.   HA, honestly, has been falling behind -- look at how everyone complains about the lack of inquiries.   ", 
"Hope this helps.", "Now, granted, I work for HomeAway, so I have a vested interest in using the site's features and policies. But I've dealt with enough bad traveler situations (which I would guess most of you have not) that I believe in the value proposition of the book with confidence guarantee. And I know that spending more money on marketing in a world of increasing costs from google because of competition and other factors is a driver. So that's going to come more easily to me.", 
"tom", "Retrieving data ...", "I will have to check about payment. ", 
"Your analytics reports can show you the difference between your subscription level and all listings in your market, be it ZIP, town, or state. So, for example, I can see that all three-bedroom homes in my town had 2.25% views to contacts in February and 0.78% VtC so far in March. I can also see that filtering for my sub level (silver) the numbers are a tiny bit better. And the response to that should be \"so what?\" It does not tell you anything useful. They could, if they wanted, also tell you how many page views you have received compared to the number of page views for all listings in the area -- but even more important, they could show you how many page views (actual numbers like you can see for yourself) compared to the other listing levels. Example, if there are 1000 views today, they know that perhaps 200 went to Platinum, 150 to Gold, 125 to Silver, 100 to Basic, and X to PPB. They have this data!", 
"I wouldn't have a rental agreement that didn't have a construction/construction noise clause in it as you can never control the neighbors and they can never control their contractors.", 
" ", "And thanks to Mike for reminding HA that the owners' trust, goodwill and most importantly, business is theirs to lose. Hopefully, they will listen.", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", "also if you have your own website for your Property that information is on there too, ", 
"It would be a VERY quiet store - probably as quiet as our VRBO inboxes.", 
" ", " ", "Hello mr. sharples,", "Mark and Jenny", "Don't expect much.  I discovered a over a year ago that HomeAway/VRBO had put at the top of the front page AND on the Amenities page a category called \"Booking Options\".", 
" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", "Instead, it appears that they want to have the best of both worlds. They want for you to pay to subscribe and they also want for the traveler to pay to book. and they want to dictate to you how you manage YOUR property. On your dime. ", 
"Evolve | Vacation Rental Management Redefined", " ", "look again for Sammy Chloe", 
" ", "If that is the case, then your guests will be charged the service fee when they agree to a booking (they will be asked for a credit card before proceeding) and those are the bookings you get credit for.   However, if you both agree to the booking without the guest pushing any \"book now\" or \"pay now\" button and you direct the guest to pay offline somehow, then you do not get credit for the booking.  ", 
" ", "Even if travelers don't mind the fee, I know the fee was spent on nothing, so it's hard for me to ask travelers to lay it out.", 
"Whats a traveler??", "", "Steve", "bobbie32 wrote:", " ", " ", 
"This company is completely out of control. ", " ", "Watch the 2015 listing, and see if it drops after a few weeks. ", 
"BILLING ADDRESS ", "Best Regards", " ", " ", "u0999 Did that hidden email address the amount/percentage/cap?", 
" ", "When we owned a vacation home on Captiva Island, years ago and before the internet became \"a thing\", we contracted with a real estate agency to book and administer the rental of our home. They got the guests, handled the booking, cleaned the house, processed the payment and then sent us a check. It literally required no time on our end, except cashing the check. They up-charged the guests with a service fee AND they took a cut of our rentals. This was a fair system, because they were getting compensated to do the work that I now do on vrbo (managing the bookings, arranging for cleaning, etc). They also provided us with damage insurance in case somebody damaged our property, all included in the fee (cleaning, insurance, payment processing was all paid for out of the fees they charged to me and to the renter). ", 
" ", "You need to remember people that list on H/A have a lot of money tied up in rental property. Maybe not as much as you make or made from the deal but a lot.", 
"I replied property was available, did not mention service fee, and looked forward to welcoming her.", 
"First of all, the Analytics page itself does not seem to have a history of accuracy worth boasting about.  See for example this post: https://community.homeaway.com/thread/53248  And the Community Forum is filled with examples from owners of real glitches, bugs, errors, and just plain bad software.  Their system still can't even get a quote right!", 
"They want the young, upcoming owners that embrace online booking, don't care if they lose 3% to credit card fees,  or how many people are in their house, just make it simple for them and less work and they're Sold.", 
" ", "In my area, the state just began collecting state and local tax and it a big repeat renter area, so guests are just starting to see taxes added to our rent and now the fee hit at the same time (only on some listings).Again in my area, (a small new England seaside town, most owners have not embraced online booking.", 
" ", "Unfortunately it is mostly based on an assumption that is incorrect, and everything else seems to flow from there.", 
"", "Can you fill in the blanks of last year's data below?  I used the figures you provided in your reply, but left blank the numbers you didn't share from last year:", 
" ", "The man below says: \"Yes, you're in a hot air balloon, hovering 30 feet above this field.\"", 
"This is from a book I read many, many times in my youth - Tomfoolery I wish I still had it, or maybe I do, but can't find it; haven't seen it in year. I'm pretty sure this is it: Tomfoolery: Trickery and Foolery With Words: Alvin Schwartz, Glen Rounds: 9780397314669: Amazon.com: Books.", 
"Just remember you are not running under the old system anymore. And 6 weeks to get your money back is ridiculous. ", 
"I've been trying to \"search\" here for the statement that was made by one of the HA staff in the recent past but I haven't found it, yet.  What I recall is that, when a subscription lapses, the account + listing details (including the reviews) remain with Home Away (not sure for how long) ....so...when you eventually renew [if you are okay with the April terms coming, for example], your listing would be reactivated.", 
"I fail to see how the fee has not affected your bookings.  What stats?  How would you know if 20 shoppers abandoned your VR when they saw your $100 fee?", 
"I  agree with you. I'm not happy about the fee.   My guest however will not have to pay the fee more than once unless they choose to. I will educate them on how to find owners outside VRBO. I hope we will all do that.", 
" ", "bump", "", "Once I see there is a $25 fee, I call VRBO support to ascertain the reason knowing it was from the eCheck failure but wanted to hear it from them.  They say they told the renter he had entered the wrong account number (which he denies since the rep could only see the last 4 of the account).  They suggested I bill the renter for the $25 fee.which I did with the explanation that they told me they informed him of him inputting the account number incorrectly.  ", 
"Have you brought his possibly fake ID to your police?  If it is fake or altered, that may be a felony.  Even better, threaten him with the fact that you will be presenting his fake ID to the police if money doesnt arrive by April 1 (pick a date).", 
" ", "HA is finally trying to communicate with us in advance -- bravo!  Unfortunately, here's the blurb announcing traveler reviews that just appeared in today's newsletter:", 
"In your analytics tool, you can filter for property type, zip code, and listing level. (see the below)", 
"What is missing of course, is the actual numbers that are used in the ratio.  What I believe those numbers will show is that travelers are rejecting the Service Fee in large numbers, and finding other ways to book the properties, just as they did before HomeAway.   My market is healthy with an 80% occupancy rate, so the travelers are making the bookings someplace, just not on HomeAway. ", 
"To further hurt, some owners are not listing the tax (perhaps not being fully informed yet of the law).", 
" ", " ", "Hey at least we know that HA is reading the forum ", 
"Local governments don't want to stop you from renting your vacation home, don't worry. They like the tax they get from your rental plus the money your guests spend in the community while they are there. They do, however, want to prevent you from renting out your guest room like a B&B or hotel room. Yuck, I can't imagine staying with some stranger in their guest room, possibly sharing a bathroom, etc, yuck! ", 
"Oh I guess we both missed the tiny notice about the \"small fee\" way at the bottom of a routine email.", 
" ", " ", "HomeAway Vacation Rentals: Terms and Conditions", 
" ", "Where you see a conversion rate?  When I go to my dashboard I get a decline rate (a booking rate - 6 out of 10 or whatever), but not a conversion rate.", 
"I found the whole situation very unprofessional. I think I will pass for now. I have set up an account, but not going to list. I mean seriously, I searched Fla. and there were only 7!!!! In my home state Maine, NADA. I know that may be a GREAT thing to be the ONLY listing for Maine, but if there are no followers, who cares?", 
" ", " ", "Is HA liable to pay tax to my state DOR? Probably. Is that my problem. Ummm, no.", 
" ", "u0999   I also don't like the closed communications, but I suspect that's where we're headed soon with HAVRBO.", 
" ", " ", "It sounds like you entered a reservation vs. Blocking the dates. ", 
" ", "Tom I so appreciate your diligent follow-up to all of our questions.  You keep mentioning the 24/7 support and one thing I'd like to point out is that each time I've called your customer service number (as both an owner and a guest) there is a minimum 20-30 minute wait to speak to someone.  If I were a traveler experiencing a double booking or home that has not been cleaned, I can't imagine how incensed I'd be to have to wait this long to speak to someone (imagine if I were waiting outside the home with nowhere to go).  You'd think the addition of a significant service fee might result in an increase in support?", 
"Anyone else notice that HA is raising their credit card processing rates on international transactions by 0.75%?", 
" ", " ", "I informed the guests.  He's debating and asked if I could adjust the price. I countered with $25 per day off when there is more than 2 hours of noise. This time of year is the lowest rent. Two rooms at one of the two oceanfront motels would cost a lot more and breakfast is not included.", 
"By the way, I received another inquiry today asking for rates and availability. So, since the inception of the fee - no bookings, four inquiries, at least half of which have asked the two specific questions you say the new system is meant to prevent.", 
"I received my first inquiry today and it was none other than a phising attempt on my phone from Carey Emery.  It seems as though Carey was a busy little girl today and I wasn't the only Hawaiian Owner that she sent a text message to.  ", 
"What you are failing to understand is that the discount equals the service fee.   Your rates don't change.  The total price, however, does.  Which gives you 100% of your base rate. ", 
"There should be no judgment---some of us have more latitude than others in choosing to pick up our toys and walk away.", 
"Expedia/HA's  management decisions to craft this scheme have not fully considered that owners who have hung in with HA for the past 10 years in spite of their unpopular changes, are now seriously considering to leave and making preparations to do so in ways unpredicted by HA.  ", 
"\"You can fool some of the people all of the time, and those are the ones you want to concentrate on.\"  - George W. Bush", 
" ", "Bad assumption that the amount of rentals will remain the same.", 
"Getting details of a potential customer of yours, then impersonating you (or in this case, your non existent property manager), is very typical of a phisher who has gained access to your account.", 
"Yes look in gmail also, make sure that no one hacked your gmail acct by making sure that no one is forwarding your inbound inquiries to themselves via your gmail acct.", 
"I want to opt out of the service fee as a platinum level global bundle customer that paid over $1800 to list my home on your site. The service fee was not a part of the terms and conditions of the contract we entered into with you. I will accept the fee when I renew (if I renew) as at that time I would have to accept new terms. Until that renewal date in May, I don't want to pay you a fee or have my guests charged that fee."
), .Dim = c(95L, 100L), .Dimnames = list(NULL, c("53198", "53353", 
"53352", "53339", "53326", "53327", "52732", "53299", "53342", 
"53021", "53330", "53340", "53328", "53343", "53315", "53345", 
"53268", "53329", "53344", "29687", "22816", "53151", "53334", 
"53336", "53341", "53298", "53331", "53283", "53338", "53278", 
"53311", "53293", "53292", "53335", "53282", "53318", "53313", 
"53337", "53325", "52991", "53333", "53320", "52761", "53140", 
"53319", "53312", "53277", "53141", "53324", "53309", "52565", 
"20383", "53314", "53316", "53248", "52471", "53157", "53288", 
"53305", "53285", "52913", "52791", "53321", "53300", "53308", 
"52995", "53301", "53303", "53306", "53304", "53297", "53270", 
"53294", "53279", "53290", "52834", "53302", "53280", "53247", 
"53237", "53287", "53257", "53061", "53259", "53281", "51790", 
"53265", "53273", "53275", "53274", "53272", "53255", "53186", 
"53155", "53214", "53260", "53271", "53262", "53258", "53266"
)))
